Title: David Z (producer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Z_(producer)
Excerpt: David Bruce Rivkin (March 25, 1948 – August 2, 2026), professionally known as David Z, was an American record producer, engineer and songwriter from Minneapolis, Minnesota. He is best known for his long-standing work with Prince and contributed to albums by Etta James, Billy Idol, BoDeans, Buddy Guy, and Neneh Cherry. He is considered to be an architect of the Minneapolis sound.
Rivkin was a member of Lipps Inc, with whom he had a U.S. number-one and UK number two hit with "Funkytown" (1980). He produced Fine Young Cannibals' "She Drives Me Crazy" (1988), creating the song's signature snare drum sound.

Title: Mustard (music producer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mustard_(music_producer)
Excerpt: Dijon Isaiah McFarlane (born June 5, 1990), known professionally as Mustard (formerly DJ Mustard), is an American record producer. A frequent collaborator of fellow California-based artists YG and Ty Dolla Sign, he began his career producing singles and albums for both rappers, and has since done so for other acts in hip-hop and R&B. He first saw recognition for having produced Tyga's 2011 single "Rack City".
Mustard's production style has been described as up-tempo and club-oriented, but also rudimentary and melodic. Most of his works begin or end with the producer tag "Mustard on the beat, ho!"—a voice sample of YG (who says it at the end of "I'm Good", one of their early collaborations)—and include heavy use of synthesizers, claps, and frequent, reverberated use of a "hey!" voice clip. He has been credited as influential in the sound of both mainstream and West Coast hip-hop productions during the early-to-mid 2010s, a style he refers to as "ratchet music".
Mustard signed with Republic Records and Roc Nation to release his debut studio album, 10 Summers (2014), which narrowly entered the Billboard 200; his second album, Cold Summer (2016), failed to chart. He then signed with Interscope Records to release his third album, Perfect Ten (2019), which peaked within the top ten of the chart and spawned the Billboard Hot 100-top 40 singles "Ballin'" (featuring Roddy Ricch) and "Pure Water" (with Migos). He produced Kendrick Lamar's 2024 single "Not Like Us", which became his first production to peak atop the Billboard Hot 100, won five Grammy Awards, and foresaw the release of Mustard's fourth album, Faith of a Mustard Seed (2024). He founded the record label 10 Summers Records in 2014, through which he has signed musical acts including British singer Ella Mai, as well as fellow California-based artists Kiana Ledé and RJMrLA.

Title: Detail (music producer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detail_(music_producer)
Excerpt: Noel Christopher Fisher (born October 9, 1978), professionally known as Detail, is an American record producer, singer, songwriter and rapper. Hailing from Detroit, Michigan, Detail is best known for producing several hit singles, including "Sexy Can I" by Ray J, "I'm So Paid" by Akon, "How to Love" by Lil Wayne, "Drunk in Love" and "711" by Beyoncé, and "We Dem Boyz" by Wiz Khalifa. He released his debut studio album, Noel in December 2015.

Title: Detail production discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detail_production_discography
Excerpt: The following list is a discography of production by Noel "Detail" Fisher, an American hip hop record producer and recording artist. It includes a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by year, artist, album and title.

Title: Himesh Reshammiya discography and filmography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Himesh_Reshammiya_discography_and_filmography
Excerpt: This is the discography and filmography of Indian singer-composer Himesh Reshammiya.  The details below contains his work as a playback singer, composer, lyricist, Film producer and actor.