Title: Wendigo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendigo
Excerpt: Wendigo () is a mythological creature or evil spirit originating from Algonquian folklore. The concept of the wendigo has been widely used in literature and other works of art, such as social commentary and horror fiction.
The wendigo is often said to be a malevolent spirit, sometimes depicted as a creature with human-like characteristics, who may possess human beings. It is said to cause its victims a feeling of insatiable hunger, the desire to eat other humans, and the propensity to commit murder. In some representations, the wendigo is described as a giant humanoid with a heart of ice, whose approach is signaled by a foul stench or sudden unseasonable chill.
In modern psychiatry, the disorder known as "Wendigo psychosis" is characterized by symptoms such as an intense craving for human flesh and fear of becoming a cannibal. Wendigo psychosis is described as a culture-bound syndrome. In some First Nations communities, symptoms such as insatiable greed and destruction of the environment are also thought to be symptoms of wendigo psychosis.
The wechuge is a similar being that appears in the legends of the Athabaskan people of the Northwest Pacific Coast. It too is cannibalistic; however, it is characterized as enlightened with ancestral insights.

Title: Lake Windigo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lake_Windigo
Excerpt: Lake Windigo is a small lake on Star Island in northern Minnesota, United States. The lake covers a total of 199 acres (81 hectares) and reaches a maximum depth of 25 feet (7.6 m). The littoral zone is 129 acres (52 hectares). Due to its shallow depth and subsequent abundant plant and algae growth, water clarity extends 6 feet (1.8 m). The lake hosts small populations of northern pike and walleye and large communities of panfish. Access to Lake Windigo is by a short portage from Cass Lake on the north side of the island. The lake is best navigated by canoe, rowboat, or other small watercraft.
Windigo is located in Star Island in Cass Lake. In the television series Ripley's Believe It Or Not, the lake was designated as being the only lake within a lake in the Northern Hemisphere. However that is incorrect. There are many other such lakes. One lake, Lake Manitou (at 40 sq. miles), located on Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron (in Canada) is actually the largest lake within a lake on the planet.  Lake Windigo is, however, the only spring fed lake within a river fed lake in the northern hemisphere.
Star Island is itself a historical site. The village of Ozaawindib, Schoolcraft's guide to Lake Itasca, was located on the island. The Ojibwe people flourished in the area up until the arrival of American and European settlers. In the early 1900s, parts of the island were sold to private entities, while the majority of the island entered the protection of the federal government as a national forest. It remains this way to this day.
The lake derives its name from the Wendigo or Windigo of Algonquin mythology, a malevolent, cannibalistic spirit that could possess people and inspire cannibalism, particularly during times of famine.  Wendigo ceremonies were often performed during times of famine to remind the people to be wary of the Wendigo spirits.

Title: Windigo (disambiguation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windigo_(disambiguation)
Excerpt: Windigo or Wendigo is a half-beast creature that appears in Algonquian mythology.
Windigo or Wendigo may also refer to:

Title: Windigo Lake (Ontario)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windigo_Lake_(Ontario)
Excerpt: Windigo Lake is a lake in the Kenora District in Northern Ontario, Canada. It is situated at the end of the Northern Ontario Resource Trail.

Title: Wisconsin Windigo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wisconsin_Windigo
Excerpt: The Wisconsin Windigo are a Tier II junior ice hockey team in the North American Hockey League's Midwest Division.  Based in Brookfield, Wisconsin, the Windigo play their home games at The Ponds of Brookfield.