Title: The Troubles
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Troubles
Excerpt: The Troubles (Irish: Na Trioblóidí) were an ethno-nationalist conflict in Northern Ireland that lasted for about 30 years from the late 1960s to 1998. Also known internationally as the Northern Ireland conflict, it began in the late 1960s and is usually deemed to have ended with the Good Friday Agreement of 1998. Although the Troubles mostly took place in Northern Ireland, at times violence spilled over into parts of the Republic of Ireland, England, and mainland Europe.
Sometimes described as an asymmetric or irregular war or a low-intensity conflict, the Troubles were a political and nationalistic struggle fuelled by historical events, with a strong ethnic and sectarian dimension, fought over the status of Northern Ireland. Unionists and loyalists, who for historical reasons were mostly Ulster Protestants, wanted Northern Ireland to remain within the United Kingdom. Irish nationalists and republicans, who were mostly Irish Catholics, wanted Northern Ireland to leave the United Kingdom and join a united Ireland. Despite the division between Protestants and Catholics, it was not a religious war.
The conflict began during a campaign by the Northern Ireland Civil Rights Association to end discrimination against the Catholic-nationalist minority by the Protestant-unionist government and local authorities. The government attempted to suppress the protests. The police, the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), were overwhelmingly Protestant and known for sectarianism and police brutality. The campaign was also violently opposed by Ulster loyalists, who believed it was a front for republican political activity. Increasing tensions led to the August 1969 riots and the deployment of British troops, in what became the British Army's longest operation. "Peace walls" were built in some areas to keep the two communities apart. Some Catholics initially welcomed the British Army as a more neutral force than the RUC, but soon came to see it as hostile and biased, particularly after Bloody Sunday in 1972.
The main participants in the Troubles were republican paramilitaries such as the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) and the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA); loyalist paramilitaries such as the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) and Ulster Defence Association (UDA); British state security forces such as the British Army and RUC, and political activists. The security forces of the Republic of Ireland played a smaller role. Republicans carried out a guerrilla campaign against British forces as well as a bombing campaign against infrastructural, commercial, and political targets. Loyalists attacked republicans/nationalists and the wider Catholic community in what they described as retaliation. At times, there were bouts of sectarian tit-for-tat violence, as well as feuds within and between paramilitary groups. The British security forces undertook policing and counterinsurgency campaigns, primarily against republicans. There were incidents of collusion between British state forces and loyalist paramilitaries. The Troubles involved numerous riots, mass protests, and acts of civil disobedience, and led to increased segregation and the creation of temporary no-go areas.
More than 3,500 people were killed in the conflict, of whom 52% were civilians, 32% were members of the British security forces, and 16% were members of paramilitary groups. Republican paramilitaries were responsible for 60% of total deaths, followed by loyalist paramilitaries at 30% and security forces at 10%. Loyalists were responsible for 48% of all civilian deaths, however, followed by republicans at 39% and security forces at 10%.
The Northern Ireland peace process led to paramilitary ceasefires and talks between the main political parties, which resulted in the Good Friday Agreement of 1998. This Agreement restored self-governance to Northern Ireland on the basis of "power-sharing" and it included acceptance of the principle of consent, commitment to civil and political rights, parity of esteem between the two communities, police reform, paramilitary disarmament, and early release of paramilitary prisoners.
There has been sporadic violence since the Agreement, including punishment attacks, loyalist gangs' control of major organised crime rackets (e.g., drugs supply, community coercion and violence, intimidation), and violent crime linked to dissident republican groups.

Title: List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_unsolved_murders_in_the_United_Kingdom
Excerpt: This is an incomplete list of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom. It does not include any of the 3,000 or so such murders that took place in Northern Ireland because of the Troubles or any IRA attacks that took place in England. For information about IRA attacks, see The Disappeared, list of bombings during the Troubles (contains Loyalist bombings also) and timeline of the Troubles in Britain. Victims believed or known to have been killed by the same perpetrator(s) are grouped together in the following sub-lists:

List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom (before 1970)
List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom (1970s)
List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom (1980s)
List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom (1990s)
List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom (2000s)
List of unsolved killings in the United Kingdom (2010–present)

Title: Timeline of the Troubles
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_the_Troubles
Excerpt: The Troubles were a period of conflict in Northern Ireland involving republican and loyalist paramilitaries, the British security forces and civilians. They are usually dated from the late 1960s to the Good Friday Agreement of 1998. However, sporadic violence has occurred since that time, with those involved often being referred to as dissident republicans and loyalists. The Troubles, sometimes known internationally as the Northern Ireland conflict, claimed roughly 3500 lives.

Title: List of bombings during the Troubles
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_bombings_during_the_Troubles
Excerpt: This is a list of notable bombings related to the Northern Ireland "Troubles" and their aftermath. It includes bombings that took place in Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland, and Great Britain since 1968. During the conflict (1968–1998), there were at least 10,000 bomb attacks in Northern Ireland alone.

Title: List of attacks on British aircraft during The Troubles
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_attacks_on_British_aircraft_during_The_Troubles
Excerpt: This is a list of attacks on British aircraft, both civilian and military, during The Troubles, an armed conflict that took place in Northern Ireland during the late 20th century, also known internationally as the Northern Ireland Conflict. The page also records instances in which the target were airstrips or helipads. All the incidents listed took place as part of the Provisional IRA armed campaign in Northern Ireland, most of them carried out against British Army Air Corps helicopters. The strategic goal of the IRA was to make the continued deployment of British garrisons in South Armagh and other border areas untenable. Since the mid-1970s, all resupply of these bases had to be conducted by helicopters departing from the heliport at Bessbrook Mills barracks because improvised explosive devices and ambushes severely restricted the British army's ability to move troops and supplies by road. The South Armagh Brigade made the southern area of County Armagh the most dangerous operational area for British helicopters in Northern Ireland.