Title: Philippine Revolution
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philippine_Revolution
Excerpt: The Philippine Revolution was a war of independence waged by the revolutionary organization Katipunan against the Spanish Empire from 1896 to 1898. It was the culmination of the 333-year colonial rule of Spain in the archipelago. The Philippines was one of the last major colonies of the Spanish Empire, which had already suffered a massive decline in the 1820s. Cuba rebelled in 1895, and in 1898, the United States intervened and the Spanish soon capitulated. In June 1898, Philippine revolutionaries declared independence. However, it was not recognized by Spain, which later sold the islands to the United States in the Treaty of Paris of 1898.
Led by Andrés Bonifacio, the Katipunan was formed in secrecy in 1892 in the wake of the nascent La Liga Filipina, an organization created by Filipino nationalist José Rizal and others in Spain with the goal of Philippine representation to the Spanish Parliament. Katipunan soon gained influence across the islands, and sought an eventual armed revolution. However, the revolution started prematurely in August 1896 upon its discovery by Spanish authorities in Manila. The organization quickly declared war against Spain in Caloocan. Early battles and skirmishes were centered around sieging the capital city of Manila led by Bonifacio himself, which ultimately failed. However, revolutionaries in the neighboring provinces fared better, particularly in Cavite, where rebels led by Mariano Álvarez and cousins Baldomero and Emilio Aguinaldo won early major victories. This disparity in success, along with multiple factors, contributed to the eventual power struggle from within Katipunan's leadership. Two factions formed: Bonifacio's Magdiwang and Aguinaldo's Magdalo. This struggle culminated in the 1897 elections in Tejeros, which saw Emilio Aguinaldo elected as president in absentia. Bonifacio nullified the results after a Magdalo member questioned his election as the Secretary of the Interior. This resulted in a schism, with Bonifacio's supporters alleging that the elections were fraudulent, and Bonifacio himself refusing to recognize the results. In April 1897, Aguinaldo ordered the arrest of Bonifacio. A trial was set in Maragondon, where the Magdalo-led jury found Bonifacio and his brother Procopio guilty of treason and sentenced both of them to death. Despite calls for commuting the sentence for the sake of national unity, the brothers were executed in May 1897. Later that year, Aguinaldo's government and Spanish authorities signed the Pact of Biak-na-Bato, which temporarily reduced hostilities. Filipino revolutionary officers exiled themselves to Hong Kong. However, the hostilities never completely ceased.
On April 21, 1898, after the sinking of the USS Maine in Havana Harbor, the United States declared war against Spain, starting the Spanish-American War. On May 1, the United States Asiatic Squadron, under George Dewey, decisively defeated the Spanish Navy in the Battle of Manila Bay, effectively seizing control of the area surrounding Manila. On May 19, Aguinaldo, unofficially allied with the United States, returned to the Philippines and resumed attacks against the Spaniards. By June, the rebels had gained control of nearly the entirety of the countryside, while the cities remained under Spanish control. On June 12, Aguinaldo issued the Philippine Declaration of Independence in Kawit. Although this signified the end date of the revolution, neither Spain nor the United States recognized Philippine independence. The Treaty of Paris was signed between Spain and the United States, formally ending the war and the Spanish rule to the islands. Despite attempts by the Filipino government, there were no Filipinos in the treaty.
On February 4, 1899, fighting broke out between the Filipino and American forces, beginning the Philippine–American War. Aguinaldo immediately declared war, ordering "that peace and friendly relations with the Americans be broken and that the latter be treated as enemies". In June 1899, the First Philippine Republic formally declared war against the United States, which ended with the Philippine Organic Act in July 1902. As a result, the islands become an unincorporated territory of the United States. A commonwealth government was formed in 1935, with Manuel L. Quezon, Aguinaldo's aide-de-camp during the revolution, assuming the presidency. The Philippines was intended to become independent after a ten-year commonwealth period but was cut short by the advent of the Second World War in the Pacific. The country finally became fully independent on July 4, 1946, 50 years after the start of the revolution.

Title: Battle of Manila (1945)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Manila_(1945)
Excerpt: The Battle of Manila (3 February – 3 March  1945) was a major battle during the Philippine campaign of 1944–45, during the Second World War. It was fought by forces from both the United States and the Philippines against Imperial Japanese troops in Manila, the capital city of the Philippines. The month-long battle, which resulted in the death of at least 100,000 civilians and the complete devastation of the city, was the scene of the worst urban fighting fought by American forces in the Pacific theater. During the battle, Japanese forces committed mass murder against Filipino civilians, while American firepower also killed many people. The fierce resistance of Japanese troops entrenched in many of the city's landmarks, along with the usage of massed artillery barrages by American forces to dislodge them, destroyed much of Manila's architectural and cultural heritage dating back to the city's founding. Often referred to as "the Stalingrad of Asia", the battle is widely considered to be one of the most destructive urban battles ever fought, as well as the single largest urban battle ever fought by American forces. 
The battle caused Manila to become one of the most devastated capital cities of the Second World War, alongside Berlin and Warsaw. The Allied victory contributed greatly to ending almost three years of Japanese military occupation in the Philippines (1942–1945). Manila's capture was seen as General Douglas MacArthur's key to victory in the campaign to liberate the islands, although heavy fighting continued in Luzon (and elsewhere in the Philippines) until the end of the war in August 1945. It is, to date, the last battle fought within Manila.

Title: Manila massacre
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manila_massacre
Excerpt: The Manila massacre (Filipino: Pagpatay sa Maynila or Masaker sa Maynila), also called the Rape of Manila (Paggahasa ng Maynila), involved atrocities committed against Filipino civilians in the City of Manila, the capital of the Philippines, by Japanese troops during the Battle of Manila (3 February 1945 – 3 March 1945) which occurred during World War II. At least 100,000 civilians were killed in total during the battle from all causes, including the massacre by Japanese troops.
The Manila massacre was one of several major war crimes committed by the Imperial Japanese Navy. The Japanese commanding admiral, Sanji Iwabuchi, who stood behind the massacre committed suicide during the battle. The Japanese commanding general, Tomoyuki Yamashita, and his chief of staff Akira Mutō, were held responsible for the massacre and other war crimes in a trial which started in October 1945. Yamashita was hanged on 23 February 1946 and Mutō on 23 December 1948.

Title: Battle of Wawa Dam
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Wawa_Dam
Excerpt: The Battle of Wawa Dam (Filipino: Labanan sa Dam ng Wawa), also known as the Seizure of Wawa Dam (Filipino: Pag-agaw sa Dam ng Wawa), was a subsidiary action of the Battle of Manila to secure the vital water sources east of the capital. It was the longest continuous combat during the Liberation of the Philippines, lasting from February 20–May 31, 1945. It also proved critical in neutralizing the Imperial Japanese Army's Shimbu Group, which controlled the Sierra Madre mountain range east of Manila in Southern Luzon.

Title: Siege of the Manila Hotel
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siege_of_the_Manila_Hotel
Excerpt: The siege of the Manila Hotel (Filipino: Pagkubkob sa Manila Hotel) was an occupation of the Manila Hotel, a luxury hotel in the Philippine capital Manila, led by former vice-presidential candidate Arturo Tolentino and other military and civilian supporters of deposed President Ferdinand Marcos as part of a coup attempt to overthrow his successor, Corazon Aquino and restore him to power, on 6–8 July 1986. The coup failed to gain extensive support, and ended on 8 July with the departure of most participants and the surrender of others.
The coup occurred barely five months after Aquino was installed in office following the People Power Revolution in February, and was the first of nine attempts to topple Aquino's government. It was followed by the God Save the Queen Plot in November later that year.