Title: Phacelia crenulata
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phacelia_crenulata
Excerpt: Phacelia crenulata is a species of flowering plant in the waterleaf family, Hydrophyllaceae. Its common names include notch-leaf scorpion-weed, notch-leaved phacelia, cleftleaf wildheliotrope, and heliotrope phacelia. Phacelia crenulata has an antitropical distribution, a type of disjunct distribution where a species exists at comparable latitudes on opposite sides of the equator, but not at the tropics. In North America, it is native to the southwestern United States as far east as Colorado and New Mexico, and Baja California and Sonora in Mexico. In South America, it is native to southern Peru, western Bolivia, and northern Chile.

Title: Phacelia
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phacelia
Excerpt: Phacelia (phacelia, scorpionweed, heliotrope) is a genus of about 200 species of annual or perennial herbaceous plants in the family Hydrophyllaceae, native to North and South America. California is particularly rich in species with over 90 recorded in the region.
The genus includes both annual and perennial species. Many have been cultivated as garden and honey plants.
The mining bee Andrena phaceliae is a specialist pollinator of this genus in the Eastern United States.

Title: Phacelia campanularia
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phacelia_campanularia
Excerpt: Phacelia campanularia is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrophyllaceae, known by the common names desertbells, desert bluebells, California-bluebell, desert scorpionweed, and desert Canterbury bells. Its true native range is within the borders of California, in the Mojave and Sonoran Deserts, but it is commonly cultivated as an ornamental plant and it can be found growing elsewhere as an introduced species.

Title: Phacelia stellaris
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phacelia_stellaris
Excerpt: Phacelia stellaris is a rare species of flowering plant in the family Hydrophyllaceae, known by the common names star phacelia and Brand's phacelia.

Title: Phacelia tanacetifolia
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phacelia_tanacetifolia
Excerpt: Phacelia tanacetifolia is a species of flowering plant in the family Hydrophyllaceae, known by the common names lacy phacelia, tansy-leaf phacelia, blue tansy, purple tansy or fiddleneck (UK).