Title: List of islands of Belize
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_islands_of_Belize
Excerpt: The country of Belize has roughly 386 km of coastline, and has many coral reefs, cayes, and islands in the Caribbean Sea. Most of these form the Belize Barrier Reef, the longest in the western hemisphere stretching approximately 322 km (200 mi). The reef and its islands have been a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 1996.

Title: Belize Barrier Reef
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belize_Barrier_Reef
Excerpt: The Belize Barrier Reef is a series of coral reefs straddling the coast of Belize, roughly 300 metres (980 ft) offshore in the north and 40 kilometres (25 mi) in the south within the country limits. The Belize Barrier Reef is a 300-kilometre (190 mi) long section of the 900-kilometre (560 mi) Mesoamerican Barrier Reef System, which is continuous from Cancún on the north-eastern tip of the Yucatán Peninsula through the Riviera Maya and down to Honduras, making it the second largest coral reef system in the world after the Great Barrier Reef in Australia. It is Belize's top tourist destination, popular for scuba diving and snorkeling and attracting almost half of its 260,000 visitors. It is also vital to the country's fishing industry.
Charles Darwin described it as "the most remarkable reef in the West Indies" in 1842.
In addition to its barrier reef, it also boasts three distinct Caribbean atolls: Turneffe Atoll, Glover's Reef and Lighthouse Reef. Lighthouse Reef is the most easterly diving area in Belize, it is home to the Great Blue Hole, made famous by Jacques Cousteau in 1970; Turneffe Atoll lies directly to the east of Belize City and is the nearest of the atolls to that city. These different reefs provide diverse scuba diving opportunities that include walls, pinnacles and reef flats that are located throughout an enormous area of sea.

Title: Tourism in Belize
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tourism_in_Belize
Excerpt: Tourism in Belize is a major industry in the country. The sector has grown in the 2020s, with international arrivals reportedly increasing 30% in 2024, the highest rate in the Caribbean. Former Prime Minister Dean Barrow stated his intention to use tourism to combat poverty throughout the country. 
The growth in tourism has positively affected the agricultural, commercial, and finance industries, as well as the construction industry. The results for Belize's tourism-driven economy have been significant, with the nation welcoming almost one million tourists in a calendar year for the first time in its history in 2012.

Title: Tobacco Caye
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tobacco_Caye
Excerpt: Tobacco Caye is a tiny island in Belize, about 10 miles (16 kilometres) east of Dangriga. 
It is approximately three acres (1.2 hectares) in area, shaped like a yam, with a north-south dimension of about 240 m (260 yd) and an east-west dimension of 125 metres (137 yards). It has a permanent population of about 20, and sees a regular stream of travelers thanks to the five small lodges on the island.
Tobacco Caye lies within the South Water Caye Marine Reserve, part of Belize's national system of protected waters, with a range of restrictions on fishing.

Title: Thatch Caye
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thatch_Caye
Excerpt: Thatch Caye is an island in Belize, located 9 miles (14 km) off of the coast of Dangriga, about two miles from the Belize Barrier Reef.  The 11 acres (4.5 ha) island is near Southwater Caye, Tobacco Caye, Cocoplum Caye, and Fantasy Caye and South Water Caye Marine Reserve.
The island is home to five locals, according to the 2012 census, and is a tourist destination. Thatch Caye Resort is a resort managed by Muy'Ono  located on the island that limits occupancy to no more than 30 people.
The name Thatch Caye originated  from island co-owner Travis Holub, who built each residence with thatched roofs. Each of the five thatched-roof structures stand high over the water, making them over-the-water bungalows.