Title: Richard Hell
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Hell
Excerpt: Richard Lester Meyers (born October 2, 1949), better known by his stage name Richard Hell, is an American singer, songwriter, bass guitarist and writer.
Hell was in several important early punk rock bands, including Neon Boys, Television, and the Heartbreakers, after which he formed Richard Hell & the Voidoids. Their 1977 album Blank Generation influenced many other punk bands. Its title track was named "One of the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock" by music writers in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame listing and is ranked as one of the all-time Top 10 punk songs by a 2006 poll of original British punk figures, as reported in the Rough Guide to Punk.
Since the late 1980s, Hell has devoted himself primarily to writing, publishing two novels and several other books. He was the film critic for BlackBook magazine from 2004 to 2006.

Title: Television (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Television_(band)
Excerpt: Television was an American rock band from New York City that formed in 1973. Its most prominent lineup comprised vocalist and guitarist-keyboardist Tom Verlaine, guitarist Richard Lloyd, drummer Billy Ficca, and bassist Fred Smith. An early fixture of CBGB and the 1970s New York punk rock scene, the band is considered influential in the development of punk rock and alternative rock.
Although they recorded in a stripped-down, guitar-based manner similar to their punk contemporaries, Television's music was by comparison clean, improvisational, and technically proficient, drawing influence from jazz and 1960s rock. The group's 1977 debut album, Marquee Moon, was widely acclaimed and is considered one of the defining releases of the punk era. The group released Adventure to a more muted reception the following year, after which they disbanded. They reunited in 1991 to record a self-titled album, disbanding again in 1993. Another reunion followed in 2001; they occasionally performed live from then until Verlaine's death in January 2023. The band recorded new material in the 21st century, but it has not been completed or released.

Title: Sid Vicious
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sid_Vicious
Excerpt: John Simon Ritchie (born Simon John Ritchie; 10 May 1957 – 2 February 1979), known professionally as Sid Vicious, was an English musician, best known as the second bassist for the punk rock band Sex Pistols. After his death in 1979 at the age of 21, he remained an icon of the punk subculture; one of his friends noted that he embodied "everything in punk that was dark, decadent and nihilistic".

Title: List of songs about New York City
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_songs_about_New_York_City
Excerpt: Many songs are set in New York City or named after a location or feature of the city, beyond simply "name-checking" New York along with other cities.

Title: Tom Verlaine
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Verlaine
Excerpt: Thomas Joseph Miller (December 13, 1949 – January 28, 2023), known professionally as Tom Verlaine, was an American singer, guitarist, and songwriter, most notable as the frontman of the New York City rock band Television.