Title: Greece
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greece
Excerpt: Greece, officially the Hellenic Republic, is a country in Southeastern Europe. It occupies the southern tip of the Balkan peninsula, with a population of around 10 million. With nine regions and thousands of islands, it has the longest coastline on the Mediterranean. The Ionian Sea is west of the mainland, Albania northwest, and North Macedonia and Bulgaria north. Turkey is east both by land and the Aegean Sea. The capital, Athens, is the largest Greek city, followed by Thessaloniki and Patras.
Greece is considered the cradle of Western civilisation and the birthplace of democracy, Western philosophy, Western literature, historiography, political science, major scientific and mathematical principles, theatre, and the Olympic Games. The Ancient Greeks were organised into independent city-states, or poleis (singular polis), that spanned the Mediterranean and Black seas. Philip II of Macedon united most of present-day Greece in the fourth century BC, with his son Alexander the Great conquering much of the known ancient world from the Near East to northwestern India. The subsequent Hellenistic period saw the height of Greek culture and influence in antiquity. Greece was annexed by Rome in the second century BC and became an integral part of the Roman Empire and its continuation, the Byzantine Empire, where Greek culture and language were dominant. The Greek Orthodox Church helped shape modern Greek identity and transmitted Greek traditions to the wider Orthodox world. 
After the Fourth Crusade in 1204, Greece and the rest of the Byzantine empire were fragmented into several Latin and Byzantine successor polities, with most Greek lands finally coming under Ottoman control by the mid-15th century. Following a protracted war of independence in 1821, Greece emerged as a modern nation state in 1830. The Kingdom of Greece pursued territorial expansion during the Balkan Wars (1912–1913) and World War I (1914–1918), until its defeat in the Greco-Turkish War in 1922. A short-lived republic was established in 1924 but faced civil strife and the challenge of resettling refugees from Turkey, culminating in a royalist dictatorship in 1936. Greece endured military occupation during World War II, the subsequent Greek Civil War, and prolonged political instability, leading to a military dictatorship in 1967. The country began transitioning to democracy in 1974, leading to the current parliamentary republic.
Owing to record economic growth from 1950 to 1973, Greece is a developed country with an advanced high-income economy and a high standard of living. Shipping and tourism are major economic sectors, with Greece being the ninth most-visited country in 2024. Greece is part of multiple international organisations and forums, being the tenth member to join what is today the European Union in 1981. 
The country's rich historical legacy is reflected partly by its 21 UNESCO World Heritage Sites.

Title: CR Flamengo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CR_Flamengo
Excerpt: Clube de Regatas do Flamengo (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈklubi dʒi ʁeˈɡataz du flaˈmẽɡu]; lit. 'Flamengo Rowing Club'), more commonly referred to as simply Flamengo, is a Brazilian multi-sports club based in Rio de Janeiro, in the neighborhood of Gávea. It was founded in and named after the Flamengo neighborhood in 1895, and is best known for its professional football team. Flamengo is one of two clubs to have never been relegated from Brazil's top division, along with São Paulo, and the most popular football club in Brazil with more than 46.9 million fans, equivalent to 21.9% of the population that supports a team in Brazil.
The club was first established in 1895 specifically as a rowing club in the Flamengo neighborhood and did not play its first official football match until 1912. Flamengo's traditional uniform features red and black striped shirts with white shorts, and red and black striped socks. Flamengo has typically played its home matches in the Maracanã Stadium (which also often hosts the Brazil national team) since its completion in 1950. Since 1969, the vulture (Portuguese: urubu) has been the mascot of Flamengo.
Flamengo is Brazil's richest and most valuable football club with an annual revenue of R$1.2 billion (€218 million) and a valuation of over R$5,096 billion (€800 million). Flamengo is the non-European football club with the most followers on social media, with 65 million followers across all platforms as of 2 December 2025, and also the most successful Brazilian team of the 21st century so far. The club is also one of the most successful in Brazilian football, having amassed a considerable array of national and international titles.
The clubs's training center, officially known as "Ninho do Urubu" ("Vulture's Nest"), is located in Vargem Grande, Rio de Janeiro. It serves as the primary training facility for the Flamengo football club, housing its professional teams and youth academy. Flamengo's youth academy is one of the most prolific in Brazil and in the world, having developed a number of Brazilian internationals such as Zico, Zizinho, Vinícius Júnior, Lucas Paquetá, Júlio César, Adriano, Mário Zagallo, Júnior and Leonardo.
Flamengo has also been well represented in the Brazil national team; at the 1938 FIFA World Cup, forward Leônidas da Silva, a Flamengo player at the time, was the Golden Boot winner with 7 goals and won the Golden Ball, thus becoming the first Brazilian player ever to win those two awards. Twelve years later at the 1950 World Cup, Zizinho, a midfielder for Flamengo, also won the Golden Ball after he was voted best player. Four out of the ten top scorers for Brazil have been Flamengo players at one point in their careers, seven players have won the World Cup whilst playing for Flamengo, and Flamengo player Mário Zagallo scored Brazil's third goal in the 1958 World Cup final.

Title: Hamburger SV
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamburger_SV
Excerpt: Hamburger Sport-Verein e.V. (German: [ˈhambʊʁɡɐ ˈʃpɔʁtfɛɐ̯ˌʔaɪ̯n] ), commonly known as Hamburger SV (pronounced [ˈhambʊʁɡɐ ʔɛsˈfaʊ] ) or Hamburg (pronounced [ˈhambʊʁk] ), or HSV (pronounced [ˌhaːʔɛsˈfaʊ] ), is a German sports club based in Hamburg, with its largest branch being its football department, which plays in the Bundesliga, the top tier of the German football league system. Though the current HSV was founded in June 1919 from a merger of three earlier clubs, it traces its origins to 29 September 1887 when the first of the predecessors, SC Germania, was founded.
HSV has won the German national championship six times, the DFB-Pokal three times and the former League Cup twice. The team's most successful period was from the mid-1970s until the mid-1980s when, in addition to several domestic honours, they won the 1976–77 European Cup Winners' Cup and the 1982–83 European Cup. The outstanding players of this period were Horst Hrubesch, Manfred Kaltz, and Felix Magath, all regulars in the West German national team. To date, HSV's last major trophy was the 1986–87 DFB-Pokal. Up until the 2017–18 Bundesliga season, which found the team relegated for the first time in history, HSV's football team had the distinction of being the only team that had played continuously in the top tier of the German football league system since the founding of the club at the end of World War I. It was subsequently the only team that had played in every season of the Bundesliga since its foundation in 1963.
HSV play their home games at the Volksparkstadion in Bahrenfeld, a western district of Hamburg. The club colours are officially blue, white and black but the home kit of the team is white jerseys and red shorts. The team's most common nickname is "die Rothosen" (the Red Shorts). As it is one of Germany's oldest clubs, it is also known as der Dinosaurier (the Dinosaur). HSV have rivalries with Werder Bremen, with whom they contest the Nordderby, and Hamburg-based FC St. Pauli, with whom they contest the Hamburg derby.
HSV is notable in football as a grassroots-oriented organisation which places strong emphasis on youth development. The club had a team in the Women's Bundesliga from 2003 to 2012 but it was demoted to Regionalliga level because of financial problems. Other club sections include badminton, baseball, basketball, bowling, boxing, cricket, darts, ice hockey, field hockey, golf, gymnastics, handball, and cardiopulmonary rehabilitation exercises. These sections represent about 10% of the club membership. HSV is one of the biggest sports clubs in Germany with over 84,000 members total in all its sections, and according to Forbes it is among the 20 largest football clubs in the world.

Title: Croatia national football team
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croatia_national_football_team
Excerpt: The Croatia national football team (Croatian: Hrvatska nogometna reprezentacija) represents Croatia in men's international football matches. It is governed by the Croatian Football Federation (HNS), the governing body for football in Croatia. It is a member of UEFA in Europe and FIFA in global competition. The team's colours reference two national symbols: the Croatian checkerboard and the country's tricolour. They are colloquially known as the Vatreni (Blazers) and the Kockasti (Checkered Ones).
The Vatreni have qualified for every major tournament except UEFA Euro 2000 and the 2010 FIFA World Cup. At the World Cup, Croatia has finished second once (2018) and third on two occasions (1998, 2022), securing three World Cup medals. Davor Šuker won the Golden Shoe and the Silver Ball in 1998, while Luka Modrić won the Golden Ball in 2018 and the Bronze Ball in 2022. The team has reached the quarter-finals of the UEFA European Championship twice (1996, 2008). They finished second with a silver medal in the UEFA Nations League in 2023. Croatia recorded an all-time high Elo Rating of 2,012 in 2023.
Upon admission into FIFA in 1994 ranked 125th, they ascended to third place with their debut 1998 World Cup campaign. This marked the fastest ascension in FIFA ranking history. Croatia is the second-smallest country by population (after Uruguay) and land mass (after the Netherlands) to reach a World Cup final. At the World Cup, Croatia hold records for most penalty shoot-out played (4) and won (4) and most penalties saved in a shoot-out (3), among other team records. They were named FIFA Best Mover of the Year in 1994 and 1998, the first team to win the award twice.

Title: Novak Djokovic
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Novak_Djokovic
Excerpt: Novak Djokovic (born 22 May 1987) is a Serbian professional tennis player. He has been ranked as the world No. 1 in men's singles by the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) for a record 428 weeks, finished as the year-end No. 1 a record eight times, and has been ranked No. 1 at least once in a year for a record 13 different years. Djokovic has won 101 ATP Tour–level singles titles, including a record 24 majors (including a record ten Australian Open titles), a record 40 Masters titles, a record seven year-end championships, and an Olympic gold medal. Djokovic is the only man in tennis history to be the reigning champion of all four majors at once across three different surfaces. In singles, he is the only man to achieve a triple Career Grand Slam, and the first player to complete a Career Golden Masters, and the only player to accomplish it twice. Djokovic is the only player in singles to have won all of the Big Titles over the course of his career.
Djokovic began his professional career in 2003. In 2008, at age 20, he disrupted Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal's streak of 11 consecutive majors by winning his first major title at the Australian Open. By 2010, Djokovic had begun to separate himself from the rest of the field and, as a result, the trio of Federer, Nadal, and Djokovic was referred to as the "Big Three" among fans and commentators, and Big Four including Andy Murray, creating a Golden Era of men's tennis. In 2011, Djokovic ascended to No. 1 for the first time, winning three majors and a then-record five Masters titles while going 10–1 against Nadal and Federer. He remained the most successful player in men's tennis for the rest of the decade. Djokovic had his most successful season in 2015, reaching a record 15 consecutive finals and winning 10 Big Titles while earning 31 victories over top-10 players. His dominant run extended through to the 2016 French Open, where he completed the Career Grand Slam and a non-calendar year Grand Slam, becoming the first man since Rod Laver in 1969 to hold all four majors simultaneously and setting a rankings points record of 16,950.
In 2017, Djokovic suffered from an elbow injury that weakened his results until the 2018 Wimbledon Championships, where he won the title while ranked No. 21 in the world. Djokovic then returned to a dominant status, winning 11 more major titles and completing his second and third career Grand Slams. Due to his opposition to the COVID-19 vaccine mandate, he skipped many tournaments in 2022, notably the Australian Open and the US Open, being deported from the country in the former case. One year after the Australian visa controversy, he made a successful comeback to reclaim the 2023 Australian Open trophy, and shortly after claimed the all-time record for most men's singles majors titles. In 2024, he became the only player to complete a career sweep of the Big Titles.
Djokovic was awarded the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year five times in 2012, 2015, 2016, 2019 and 2024 which is tied with Roger Federer for the most of all time. He was named one of Time's 100 most influential people in the world in 2012 and has been listed by Forbes as one of the world's ten highest-paid athletes in 2016.
Representing Serbia, Djokovic led the national tennis team to the Davis Cup crown in 2010 and the ATP Cup crown in 2020. In singles, he won the gold medal at the 2024 Paris Olympics and the bronze medal at the 2008 Beijing Olympics. He is a recipient of the Order of Karađorđe's Star, Order of St. Sava, and the Order of the Republika Srpska. He has been named the BTA Best Balkan Athlete of the Year a record eight times.
Beyond competition, Djokovic was elected as the president of the ATP Player Council in 2016. He stepped down in 2020 to front a new player-only tennis association, the Professional Tennis Players Association (PTPA), which he co-founded with Vasek Pospisil, citing the need for players to have more influence on the tour and advocating better prize money structure for lower-ranked players. Djokovic is an active philanthropist. He is the founder of the Novak Djokovic Foundation, which is committed to supporting children from disadvantaged communities. Djokovic was appointed a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador in 2015.