Title: List of Walt Disney Pictures films
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Walt_Disney_Pictures_films
Excerpt: This is a list of films produced by and released under the Walt Disney Pictures banner (known as that since 1983, with Never Cry Wolf as its first release) and films released before that under the former name of the parent company, Walt Disney Productions (1929–1983). Most films listed here were distributed theatrically in the United States by the company's distribution division, Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, formerly known as Buena Vista Film Distribution Company (1953–1960), Buena Vista Distribution Company (1960–1987) and Buena Vista Pictures Distribution (1987–2007). The Disney features produced before The Living Desert (1953) were originally distributed by United Artists and RKO Radio Pictures, and are now distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Some films produced by Walt Disney Pictures are also released through the parent company's streaming service, Disney+.
This list is organized by release date and includes live-action feature films (including theatrical, direct-to-video and streaming releases), animated feature films (including films developed and produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and Pixar Animation Studios) and documentary films (including titles from the True-Life Adventures series and films produced by the Disneynature label). For an exclusive list of animated films released by Walt Disney Pictures and its previous entities see List of Disney theatrical animated feature films and List of Disney feature-length home entertainment releases § Animated films.
This list is only for films released under the main Disney banner. It does not include films produced or released by other existing, defunct or divested labels or subsidiaries owned by Walt Disney Studios (i.e. Marvel Studios, Lucasfilm, 20th Century Studios, Searchlight Pictures, Fox 2000 Pictures, Touchstone Pictures, Hollywood Pictures, National Geographic Documentary Films, Miramax Films, Dimension Films, ESPN Films, etc.) unless they are credited as co-production partners, nor any direct-to-video releases unless they were produced under the main Disney banner, TV films, theatrical re-releases or films originally released by other non-Disney studios.
All films listed are theatrical releases and/or American-based films unless specified.

A ‡ symbol signifies a direct-to-video or streaming release exclusively through Disney+.
A † symbol signifies a premium video on demand release through Disney+.
A § symbol signifies a simultaneous release to theatres and on premium video on demand.
A * symbol signifies a film not produced in the United States, but rather in another country.

Title: Brilliant Animation Studios
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brilliant_Animation_Studios
Excerpt: Wang Film Productions Co., Ltd., now known as Brilliant Animation Studios Ltd. (also known as Hong Guang Animation (宏廣) and Cuckoos' Nest Studio) is a Taiwanese animation studio that was founded in 1978. The company, based in Xindian, Taipei with offices in Los Angeles, California, is one of the oldest and most prolific animation studios in Taiwan, and has done traditional hand-drawn 2D animation and ink-and-paint for various animated TV shows and films for studios across North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific.

Title: Frankenweenie (2012 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frankenweenie_(2012_film)
Excerpt: Frankenweenie (also known as Tim Burton's Frankenweenie) is a 2012 American animated comedy film directed by Tim Burton, written by John August, and featuring the voices of Catherine O'Hara, Martin Short, Martin Landau, Charlie Tahan, Atticus Shaffer, and Winona Ryder. A co-production between Walt Disney Pictures and Tim Burton Productions, it is a feature-length remake of the 1984 short film. The film follows a boy named Victor Frankenstein who uses the power of electricity to resurrect his dead dog Sparky, but his peers discover what he has done and reanimate their own deceased pets and other creatures, resulting in mayhem.
Frankenweenie initially began development in November 2005, with a script written by Josann McGibbon and Sara Parriott. In December 2007, Burton was asked to direct two 3D films for Disney, including a 2010 live-action adaptation of Alice in Wonderland. Filming began at 3 Mills Studios in July 2010. The tongue-in-cheek film contains numerous references to and parodies of Frankenstein and past film versions of it, other literary classics, various horror and science-fiction films, and other films which Burton has directed or produced.
Frankenweenie premiered at Fantastic Fest on September 20, 2012, and was released in the United States on October 5, to generally positive reviews for its visuals and story. It was a moderate box office success, grossing $82 million against a $39 million budget. It won the Saturn Award for Best Animated Film, and was nominated for an Academy Award, a Golden Globe, a BAFTA, and an Annie Award for Best Animated Film.

Title: Isle of Dogs (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isle_of_Dogs_(film)
Excerpt: Isle of Dogs (Japanese: 犬ヶ島, Hepburn: Inu ga Shima) is a 2018 stop-motion animated science fiction comedy-drama film written, produced, and directed by Wes Anderson, narrated by Courtney B. Vance and starring an ensemble cast consisting of Bryan Cranston, Koyu Rankin, Edward Norton, Liev Schreiber, Bill Murray, Bob Balaban, Jeff Goldblum, Scarlett Johansson, Kunichi Nomura, Tilda Swinton, Ken Watanabe, Akira Ito, Greta Gerwig, Akira Takayama, Frances McDormand, F. Murray Abraham, Yojiro Noda, Fisher Stevens, Mari Natsuki, Nijiro Murakami, Yoko Ono, Harvey Keitel and Frank Wood. An American-German-British co-production, Isle of Dogs was produced by Studio Babelsberg and Indian Paintbrush in association with Anderson's own company American Empirical Pictures. This was Anderson's second stop-motion film, following Fantastic Mr. Fox. The film is set in the fictional Japanese city of Megasaki where Mayor Kenji Kobayashi has banished all dogs to Trash Island due to a canine influenza pandemic. Kobayashi's nephew Atari sets out to find his missing dog Spots with the help of a group of dogs led by stray dog Chief.
Anderson started developing the film in October 2015 using stop-motion animation, with a voice cast of Norton, Cranston and Balaban. It draws inspiration from films by Akira Kurosawa and Hayao Miyazaki, as well as the stop-motion animated holiday specials made by Rankin/Bass Productions, the 1982 animated film The Plague Dogs, and Disney's 101 Dalmatians. Production began in October 2016 at the 3 Mills Studios in East London. By December 2016, Fox Searchlight Pictures acquired worldwide distribution rights to the film, scheduling it for a 2018 release. It is the second animated film to be released by Fox Searchlight, seventeen years after Waking Life in 2001. It is the only  20th Century Fox Animation film to be released by Fox Searchlight.
Isle of Dogs opened the 68th Berlin International Film Festival, where Anderson was awarded the Silver Bear for Best Director. It was given a limited release in the United States on March 23, 2018, and went on wide release on April 13. It grossed nearly $73 million worldwide, and received critical acclaim for its animation, story, musical score, and deadpan humor, along with criticism for its portrayal of Japanese people and culture. The film received two nominations at the 91st Academy Awards, for Best Animated Feature and Best Score.

Title: List of feature films with lesbian characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_feature_films_with_lesbian_characters
Excerpt: The following is a list of feature films with fictional and factual lesbian characters. The films were released theatrically, direct-to-video, or on a streaming platform (non-linear network).  Films are in alphabetical order by year of release.  Titles beginning with determiners "A", "An", and "The" are alphabetized by the first significant word.