Title: Jesuits
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesuits
Excerpt: The Society of Jesus (Latin: Societas Iesu; abbreviation: S.J. or SJ), also known as the Jesuit Order or the Jesuits ( JEZH-oo-its, JEZ-ew-; Latin: Iesuitae), is a religious order of clerics regular of pontifical right for men in the Catholic Church. Headquartered in Rome, it was founded in 1540 by Ignatius of Loyola and six companions, with the approval of Pope Paul III. The Society of Jesus is the largest Catholic religious male order and it has played a significant role in education, charity, humanitarian acts and global policies. Jesuits are engaged in evangelization and apostolic ministry in 112 countries, including education, research, and cultural pursuits. They also conduct retreats, minister in hospitals and parishes, sponsor direct social and humanitarian works, and promote ecumenical dialogue.
The Society of Jesus is consecrated under the patronage of Madonna della Strada, a title of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and it is led by a superior general. The headquarters of the society, its general curia, is in Rome. The historic curia of Ignatius is now part of the Collegio del Gesù attached to the Church of the Gesù, the Jesuit mother church, also in Rome.
Jesuits make profession of "perpetual poverty, chastity, and obedience" and "promise a special obedience to the sovereign pontiff in regard to the missions." A Jesuit is expected to be totally available and obedient to his superiors, accepting orders to go anywhere in the world, even if required to live in extreme conditions. Ignatius, its leading founder, was a nobleman who had a military background. The opening lines of the founding document of the Society of Jesus accordingly declare that it was founded for "whoever desires to serve as a soldier of God, to strive especially for the defense and propagation of the faith, and for the progress of souls in Christian life and doctrine". Jesuits are thus sometimes referred to colloquially as "God's soldiers", "God's marines", or "the Company". The Society of Jesus participated in the Counter-Reformation and, later, in the implementation of the Second Vatican Council.
Jesuit missionaries established missions around the world from the 16th to the 18th century and had both successes and failures in Christianizing the native peoples. The Jesuits have always been controversial within the Catholic Church and have frequently clashed with secular governments and institutions. Beginning in 1759, the Catholic Church expelled Jesuits from most countries in Europe and from European colonies. Pope Clement XIV officially suppressed the order in 1773. In 1814, the Church lifted the suppression.

Title: Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Association_of_Jesuit_Colleges_and_Universities
Excerpt: The Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities  (AJCU) is a consortium of the 28 Jesuit colleges and universities and three theological centers in the United States, Canada, and Belize committed to advancing academic excellence by promoting and coordinating collaborative activities, sharing resources, and advocating and representing the work of Jesuit higher education at the national and international levels. It is headquartered in Washington, D.C., and led by the Association's president, Rev. Michael J. Garanzini, S.J.
Although each institution is legally autonomous under independent boards of trustees and separately chartered by respective states, the 28 schools and three theological schools share common Jesuit ideals and traditions.  They also engage in a number of collaborative projects like the National Jesuit Student Leadership Conference (NJSLC) and other conferences.

Title: List of Jesuit educational institutions
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Jesuit_educational_institutions
Excerpt: The Jesuits (Society of Jesus) in the Catholic Church have founded and managed a number of educational institutions, including the notable secondary schools, colleges, and universities listed here.
Some of these universities are in the United States where they are organized as the Association of Jesuit Colleges and Universities. In Latin America, they are organized in the Association of Universities Entrusted to the Society of Jesus in Latin America.

Title: Jesuit College in Polotsk
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesuit_College_in_Polotsk
Excerpt: The Jesuit College in Polotsk (Latin: Collegium Polocense) was a college established by the Jesuit Order in Polotsk, then part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and later occupied by the Russian Empire, and now in Belarus. It was established in 1580 and continued to function until 1820 when Jesuits were banished from the Russian Empire.

Title: Eloquentia perfecta
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eloquentia_perfecta
Excerpt: Eloquentia perfecta, a tradition of the Society of Jesus, is a value of Jesuit rhetoric that revolves around cultivating a person as a whole, as one learns to speak and write for the common good. Eloquentia perfecta is a Latin term which means "perfect eloquence". The term connotes values of eloquent expression and action for the common good. For Jesuits, the term eloquentia perfecta was understood as the joining of knowledge and wisdom with virtue and morality.