Title: Hindustan Motors
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hindustan_Motors
Excerpt: Hindustan Motors is an Indian automotive manufacturer based in Kolkata. It is a part of the Birla Technical Services conglomerate. Hindustan Motors held the largest share of the Indian passenger car market until the early 1980s, when Maruti Udyog began production and significantly altered the competitive landscape. Hindustan Motors manufactured the Ambassador and Landmaster motorcars (based on 1956 Morris Oxford Series III), both immensely popular Indian automobiles from 1957 to 2014.
One of the original three car manufacturers in India, founded in 1942 by Mr. B.M. Birla, it was a leader in car sales until the 1980s, when the industry was opened up from protection. Manoj Jha was the managing director who stepped down from the post on 21 February 2012. 
In early 2013, Hindustan Motors announced that it will demerger and transfer its Chennai plant to its fully owned subsidiary Hindustan Motor Finance Corporation Limited. 
On 11 February 2017, Hindustan Motors executed an agreement with PSA Group (now Stellantis) for the sale of the Ambassador brand, including the trademarks, for a consideration of ₹80 crore. The tie-up entails two joint venture agreements between the companies of the two groups. The new Ambassador model was likely to be rolled out in December 2024. PSA would also use the plant to manufacture automobiles, engines and parts in the Chennai plant. The Chennai plant manufactures Citroën vehicles.

Title: TVS Motor Company
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TVS_Motor_Company
Excerpt: TVS Motor Company Limited is an Indian multinational motorcycle manufacturer headquartered in Chennai. It is the third-largest motorcycle company in India by revenue. The company has annual sales of three million units and an annual production capacity of over four million vehicles. TVS Motor Company is also the second largest two-wheeler exporter in India with exports to over 60 countries.
TVS Motor Company is the largest subsidiary of TVS Group in terms of valuation and turnover.

Title: Mahindra & Mahindra
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahindra_%26_Mahindra
Excerpt: Mahindra Automotive is an Indian automobile manufacturing company headquartered in Mumbai. It was established in 1945 as Mahindra & Mohammed and later renamed Mahindra & Mahindra. Part of the Mahindra Group, Mahindra Automotive is one of the largest SUV manufacturers by production in India and the Mahindra Tractors subsidiary is the largest manufacturer of tractors in the world by volume. It was ranked 18th on a list of top companies in India by Fortune India 500 in 2025. Its major competitors in the Indian vehicular market include Maruti Suzuki and Tata Motors. Anish Shah is the current CEO and Managing Director of Mahindra Automotive.

Title: Escorts Kubota Limited
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escorts_Kubota_Limited
Excerpt: Escorts Kubota Limited, formerly Escorts Limited, is an Indian multinational conglomerate that operates in the sectors of agricultural machinery, construction machinery, material handling, and railway equipment. Its headquarters are located in Faridabad, Haryana. The company was launched in 1944 and has marketing operations in more than 40 countries. Escorts manufactures tractors, automotive components, railway equipment, and construction and material handling equipment.
Escorts Kubota Limited's management team includes Nikhil Nanda as the Chairman and Managing Director and Seizi Fukuoka as Deputy Managing Director.

Title: Mahindra Two Wheelers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mahindra_Two_Wheelers
Excerpt: Mahindra Two Wheelers Limited (MTWL) was a group venture owned by Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M), which manufactures scooters and motorcycles. Mahindra Two Wheelers Limited was founded in 2008, when Mahindra & Mahindra acquired the business assets of Kinetic Motor Company Limited. MTWL has partnered with Taiwan's Sanyang Industry Company (SYM) to help develop its scooter portfolio, and with Italy-based Engines Engineering for research and product design. In October 2016, Mahindra purchased BSA trademark for £3.4 million in an effort to reintroduce motorcycles bearing the famous BSA name.