Title: Aphrodite
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aphrodite
Excerpt: Aphrodite ( ) is an ancient Greek goddess associated with love, lust, beauty, pleasure, passion, procreation, and as her syncretised Roman counterpart Venus, desire, sex, fertility, prosperity, and victory. Aphrodite's major symbols include seashells, myrtles, roses, doves, sparrows, and swans. The cult of Aphrodite may have been derived from the Phoenician goddess Astarte, a cognate of the East Semitic goddess Ishtar, whose cult was based on the Sumerian cult of Inanna; or as asserted by Pausanias, her origin was in Cyprus; or, via the Greek dawn goddess, Eos, her origin could have been Indo-European. Aphrodite's main cult centers were Cythera, Cyprus, Corinth, and Athens. Her main festival was the Aphrodisia, which was celebrated annually in midsummer. In Laconia, Aphrodite was worshipped as a warrior goddess. She was the patron goddess of prostitutes, an association which led early scholars to propose the concept of sacred prostitution in Greco-Roman culture, an idea now generally seen as erroneous.
A major goddess in the Greek pantheon, Aphrodite featured prominently in ancient Greek literature. According to many sources, like Homer's Iliad and Sappho's Ode to Aphrodite, she is the daughter of Zeus and Dione. In Hesiod's Theogony, however, Aphrodite is born off the coast of Cythera from the foam (ἀφρός, aphrós) produced by Uranus's genitals, which his son Cronus had severed and thrown into the sea. In his Symposium, Plato asserts that these two origins actually belong to separate entities; Aphrodite Urania (a transcendent "Heavenly" Aphrodite, who "partakes not of the female but only of the male", with Plato describing her as inspiring love between men, but having nothing to do with the love of women) and Aphrodite Pandemos (Aphrodite common to "all the people" who Plato described as "wanton", to contrast her with the virginal Aphrodite Urania, who did not engage in sexual acts. Pandemos inspired love between men and women, unlike her older counterpart). The epithet Aphrodite Areia (the "Warlike") reveals her contrasting nature in ancient Greek religion. Aphrodite had many other epithets, each emphasizing an aspect of the same goddess or used by a local cult. Thus she was known as Cytherea (Lady of Cythera) and Cypris (Lady of Cyprus), because both places claimed to be the site of her birth. Sappho's Ode to Aphrodite is one of the earliest poems dedicated to the goddess and survives from the Archaic period nearly complete.
In Greek mythology, Aphrodite was married to Hephaestus, the god of fire, blacksmiths and metalworking. Aphrodite was frequently unfaithful to him and had many lovers; in the Odyssey, she is caught in the act of adultery with Ares, the god of war. In the First Homeric Hymn to Aphrodite, she seduces the mortal shepherd Anchises after Zeus made her fall in love with him. Aphrodite was the surrogate mother and lover of the mortal shepherd Adonis, who was killed by a wild boar. Along with Athena and Hera, she was one of the three goddesses whose feud resulted in the Trojan War; she plays a major role throughout the Iliad. Aphrodite has been featured in Western art as a symbol of female beauty and has appeared in numerous works of Western literature. She is a major deity in modern Neopagan religions, including the Church of Aphrodite, Wicca, and Hellenism.

Title: Diana (mythology)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana_(mythology)
Excerpt: Diana is a goddess in Roman religion, primarily considered a patroness of the countryside and nature, hunters, wildlife, childbirth, crossroads, the night, and the Moon. She is equated with the Greek goddess Artemis, and absorbed much of Artemis' mythology early in Roman history, including a birth on the island of Delos to parents Jupiter and Latona, and a twin brother, Apollo, though she had an independent origin in Italy.
Diana is revered in modern neopagan religions including Roman neopaganism, Stregheria, and Wicca. In the ancient, medieval, and modern periods, Diana has been considered a triple deity, merged with a goddess of the moon (Luna/Selene) and the underworld (usually Hecate).

Title: Eos
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eos
Excerpt: In ancient Greek mythology and religion, Eos (; Ionic and Homeric Greek Ἠώς Ēṓs, Attic Ἕως Héōs, "dawn"; Aeolic Αὔως Aúōs, Doric Ἀώς Āṓs) is the goddess and personification of the dawn, who rose each morning from her home at the edge of the river Oceanus to deliver light and disperse the night. She opened the gates of heaven for her brother Helios (the Sun), to pass through, and was imagined in poetry and art as a radiant, often winged goddess driving her horse-drawn chariot across the sky, bringing with her the colours and dew of morning.
In Greek literature, Eos is presented as a daughter of the Titans Hyperion and Theia, the sister of Helios and Selene (the Moon). In rarer traditions, she is the daughter of the Titan Pallas. Each day she heralds the breaking of the new day and the arrival of Helios; although primarily associated with dawn and early morning, she is sometimes said to accompany him for the whole duration of his journey, and thus can also be seen near dusk. Her most common epithets in the Homeric epics are Rhododactylos, or "rosy-fingered", a reference to the sky's colours at daybreak, and Erigeneia, "early-born".
Eos also appears in Greek tradition as the mother, by Astraeus, of the Anemoi, the winds, as well as of several astral figures connected with the morning and evening sky. Like her Roman counterpart Aurora and the Rigvedic Ushas, she continues the name and character of an earlier Indo-European dawn goddess, Hausos.
A major group of myths concerns Eos's love for mortal men, whom she pursued and sometimes carried away in a manner more often associated with male gods and mortal women. In surviving tradition, this desire is explained as the work of Aphrodite, who cursed the goddess with passion for mortal men after Eos slept with Ares. Her most notable mortal lover is the Trojan prince Tithonus, for whom she secured immortality but not eternal youth, leading him to age forever. In another story, she carried off the Athenian Cephalus against his will, though she eventually let him return to his wife Procris.
Eos figures in many works of ancient literature and poetry, but despite her antiquity and Proto-Indo-European origins, there is little evidence of her having received extensive independent cult or being the centre of worship during classical times.

Title: Robert Graves
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Graves
Excerpt: Robert Ranke Graves (24 July 1895 – 7 December 1985), whose second name is sometimes given as von Ranke,  was an English poet, novelist and critic. His father was Alfred Perceval Graves, a celebrated Irish poet and figure in the Gaelic revival; they were both Celticists and students of Irish mythology.
Robert Graves produced more than 140 works in his lifetime. His poems, his translations, and innovative analysis of the Greek myths, his memoir of his early life—including his role in the First World War, Good-Bye to All That (1929), and his speculative study of poetic inspiration in The White Goddess (1948), have never been out of print. He was also a renowned short story writer, with work such as "The Tenement" still read.
Graves earned his living from writing, particularly popular historical novels such as I, Claudius (1934), Count Belisarius (1938), and King Jesus (1946). He was also a prominent translator of Classical Latin and Ancient Greek texts; his versions of The Twelve Caesars and The Golden Ass remain popular for their clarity and entertaining style. Graves was awarded the 1934 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for both I, Claudius and Claudius the God.
Graves's eldest half-brother Philip achieved success as a journalist, and his younger brother Charles was a writer and journalist.

Title: Ida (given name)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ida_(given_name)
Excerpt: Ida is a feminine given name found in Europe and North America. It is popular in Scandinavian countries, where it is pronounced Ee-da.
The name has an ancient Germanic etymology, according to which it means ‘industrious’ or ‘prosperous’. It derives from the Germanic root id, meaning "labor, work" (also found in "Iði"). Alternatively, it may be related to the name of the Old Norse goddess Iðunn.
Ida also occurs as an anglicisation of the Irish feminine given name Íde.
Ida is a currently popular name in the Nordic countries and is among the top 20 names given to girls born in 2019 in Denmark. It was among the top 20 names for newborn girls in Norway in 2013 and among the top 50 names for newborn girls in Sweden in 2013. It was among the top 10 names for girls born to Swedish speaking families in Finland in 2013. Finnish variant Iida was among the top ten most popular names given to newborn girls in Finland in 2013.
Ida was at its height of popularity in the United States in the 1880s, when it ranked among the top ten names for girls. In an essay from Frank Leslie's Sunday Magazine written in 1887, Ida is a favored name meaning "God-like". It remained among the top 100 most popular names for girls there until 1930. It last ranked among the top 1,000 names for girls in the United States in 1986.

Notable people with the name include: