Title: History of Mexico
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Mexico
Excerpt: The history of Mexico encompasses over 13,000 years between the initial migration of indigenous peoples and the modern day. Central and southern Mexico (termed Mesoamerica) saw the rise and fall of complex indigenous civilizations such as the Olmecs, Mayas and Aztecs.  Mesoamerican civilizations developed glyph based writing systems, recording the political history of conquests and rulers. Mesoamerican history prior to European arrival is variously called the pre-hispanic era and the pre-Columbian era. In the 16th Century, the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire resulted in the creation of New Spain and the introduction of Christianity. Following Mexico's independence from Spain in 1821, the country faced numerous challenges including conflicts between 'strongmen' or caudillos the Mexican–American War, and the French invasion. In the early 19th century, Mexican Revolution resulted in the rise of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) which has served as the pre-eminent political party in the country until the modern day. Experiments with nationalization, reforms, and development projects resulted in the Mexican miracle during the 1940s to 1970s. Since then, Mexico has been defined by its incorporation into the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) in 1994, the Mexican peso crisis, and the Mexican drug war.

Title: Felipe Calderón
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Felipe_Calder%C3%B3n
Excerpt: Felipe de Jesús Calderón Hinojosa   (Spanish: [feˈlipe kaldeˈɾon] ; born 18 August 1962) is a Mexican politician and lawyer who served as the 63rd president of Mexico from 2006 to 2012 and Secretary of Energy during the presidency of Vicente Fox between 2003 and 2004. He was a member of the National Action Party (Partido Acción Nacional, PAN) for 30 years before quitting the party in November 2018.
Calderón held positions as National President of the PAN, Federal Deputy, and Secretary of Energy in Vicente Fox's administration. He served in the previous administration's cabinet before resigning to run for president and receiving his party's candidacy. In the 2006 presidential election, he was the PAN candidate. After a contentious campaign and a controversial electoral procedure, the Federal Electoral Institute's official results gave Calderón the lead (0.6% of total votes). above PRD candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador. While López Obrador and the PRD disputed the results and called for a complete recount of the votes, Calderón's victory was confirmed months later by the Federal Electoral Tribunal.
His presidency was marked by his declaration of war against the country's drug cartels only ten days after taking office; this was considered by most observers as a strategy to gain popular legitimacy after the convoluted elections.  The first significant federal force deployment against drug gangs was made possible by Calderón's approval of Operation Michoacán. 60,000 people had been officially killed in the drug war by the time of his rule in office. The beginning of the drug war coincided with an increase in homicides during his presidency; these peaked in 2010 and then began to decline during his final two years in office.
Calderón's term was also marked by the Great Recession. As a result of a countercyclical package passed in 2009, the national debt increased from 22.2% to 35% of GDP by December 2012. The poverty rate increased from 43 to 46%. Other significant events during Calderón's presidency include the 2007 establishment of ProMéxico, a public trust fund that promotes Mexico's interests in international trade and investment, the 2008 passing of criminal justice reforms (fully implemented in 2016), the 2009 swine flu pandemic, the 2010 establishment of the Agencia Espacial Mexicana, the 2011 founding of the Pacific Alliance and the achievement of universal healthcare through Seguro Popular (passed under the Fox administration) in 2012. Under the Calderón administration sixteen new Protected Natural Areas were created. He began a one-year fellowship at John F. Kennedy School of Government in January 2013, and returned to Mexico following the end of his tenure.
In 2019, Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán's Sinaloa Cartel was allegedly linked to Genaro García Luna, the Secretary of Public Security under Calderón, leading to García Luna's arrest in the United States in December; in February 2023, García Luna was convicted on all charges pressed, including drug trafficking. After García Luna's conviction, General Tomás Ángeles Dauahare, Calderón's sub-secretary of National Defense, declared that Calderón knew about García Luna's ties with the cartel. That same month, a poll found that 84% of respondents wanted to see an investigation into Calderón.

Title: Mexico
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexico
Excerpt: Mexico, officially the United Mexican States, is a country in North America. It is the northernmost country in Latin America, bordering the United States of America to the north and Guatemala and Belize to the southeast, while having maritime boundaries with the Pacific Ocean to the west, the Caribbean Sea to the southeast, and the Gulf of Mexico to the east. Mexico covers 1,972,550 km2 (761,610 sq mi), and is the thirteenth-largest country in the world by land area. With a population exceeding 134 million as of 2026, Mexico is the tenth-most populous country in the world and is home to the largest number of native Spanish speakers. Mexico City is the capital and largest city in Mexico, which ranks among the most populous metropolitan areas in the world.
Human presence in Mexico dates back to at least 11,500 BC, although dates as old as 28,000 BC have been proposed for less securely dated sites.  Mesoamerica, considered a cradle of civilization, was home to numerous advanced societies, including the Olmecs, Maya, Zapotecs, Teotihuacan civilization, and Purépecha. Spanish colonization began in 1521 with an indigenous alliance that defeated the Aztec Empire, establishing the colony of New Spain with its capital at Tenochtitlan, now Mexico City. New Spain became a major center of the transoceanic economy during the Age of Discovery, fueled by silver mining and its position as a hub between Europe and Asia. This gave rise to one of the largest multiracial populations in the world. The Peninsular War led to the 1810–1821 Mexican War of Independence, which ended Peninsular rule and led to the creation of the First Mexican Empire, which quickly collapsed into the short-lived First Mexican Republic. In 1848, Mexico lost nearly half its territory in the Mexican–American War. Liberal reforms set in the Constitution of 1857 led to civil war and French intervention, culminating in the establishment of the Second Mexican Empire under Emperor Maximilian I of Habsburg, who was overthrown by Republican forces led by Benito Juárez. The late 19th century saw the long dictatorship of Porfirio Díaz, whose modernization policies came at the cost of severe social unrest. The 1910–1920 Mexican Revolution led to the overthrow of Díaz and the adoption of the 1917 Constitution. Mexico experienced rapid industrialization and economic growth in the 1940s–1970s, amidst electoral fraud, the Tlatelolco massacre, and economic crises. The late 20th century saw a shift towards neoliberalism, marked by the signing of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) in 1994, amidst unrest in Chiapas.
Mexico is a federal republic with a presidential system of government, characterized by a democratic framework and the separation of powers into three branches: executive, legislative, and judicial. The federal legislature consists of the bicameral Congress of the Union, comprising the Chamber of Deputies, which represents the population, and the Senate, which provides equal representation for each state. The Constitution establishes three levels of government: the federal Union, the state governments, and the municipal governments. Mexico's federal structure grants autonomy to its 32 states, and its political system is deeply influenced by indigenous traditions and European Enlightenment ideals.
Mexico is a newly industrialized and developing country, with the world's 13th-largest economy by nominal GDP and the 13th-largest by purchasing power parity (PPP). It ranks first in the Americas and seventh in the world by the number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites. It is one of the world's 17 megadiverse countries, ranking fifth in natural biodiversity. It is a major tourist destination: as of 2022, it is the sixth most-visited country in the world, with 42.2 million international arrivals. Mexico's large economy and population, global cultural influence, and steady democratization make it a regional and middle power, increasingly identifying as an emerging power. As with much of Latin America, poverty, systemic corruption, and crime remain widespread. Since 2006, approximately 127,000 deaths have been caused by ongoing conflict between drug trafficking syndicates.
Mexico is a member of United Nations, the G20, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the Coffee Club, the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) forum, the Organization of American States (OAS), the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC), the Organization of Ibero-American States (OEI), and has an observer status at the Council of Europe.

Title: Jesús Federico Reyes Heroles
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jes%C3%BAs_Federico_Reyes_Heroles
Excerpt: Jesús Federico Reyes Heroles González Garza (7 February 1952 – 21 January 2024) was a Mexican economist and politician. He was a member of the  Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and co-founder and executive president of Grupo de Economistas y Asociados (GEA), a consulting firm that has become the first independent organization dedicated to political and economic analysis. He held a B.A. in Economics from the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México (ITAM) and a Ph.D. in Economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).

Title: Mexico–Spain relations
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexico%E2%80%93Spain_relations
Excerpt: Formal diplomatic relations between Mexico and Spain were established in 1836, about 15 years after the end of the Mexican War of Independence from colonial rule of the Spanish Empire. After the 1521 conquest of the Aztec Empire, Mexico City had become the centre of power of a large colonial domain of the Spanish empire known as New Spain, whose remittances of royal silver developed into a key feature of the finances of the Spanish empire.
Relations remained strained initially. They improved during the porfiriato and worsened upon the onset of the Mexican Revolution. A key international supporter of the Spanish Second Republic during the 1936–39 Spanish Civil War, Mexico severed relations with Spain in the aftermath of conflict, subsequently providing sanctuary to the Spanish Republican government in exile and to numerous Spanish refugees fleeing from the Francoist dictatorship. Diplomatic relations were re-established in 1977 and have continued unabated since.
Both nations are members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, Organization of Ibero-American States and the United Nations. They share cultural ties and a common language.