Title: Albert and David Maysles
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_and_David_Maysles
Excerpt: Albert Maysles (November 26, 1926 – March 5, 2015) and David Maysles (January 10, 1931 – January 3, 1987), collectively known as the Maysles brothers ( MAY-zelz), were American documentary filmmakers. They were known for their work in the Direct Cinema style. The brothers' best-known films include Salesman (1969), Gimme Shelter (1970) and Grey Gardens (1975).

Title: Japanese New Wave
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_New_Wave
Excerpt: The Japanese New Wave (ヌーベルバーグ, Nūberu bāgu; Japanese transliteration of the French term "nouvelle vague") is a group of loosely-connected Japanese films and filmmakers between the late 1950s and part of the 1970s. The most prominent representatives include directors Nagisa Ōshima, Yoshishige Yoshida, Masahiro Shinoda and Shōhei Imamura.

Title: Extreme cinema
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Extreme_cinema
Excerpt: Extreme cinema (or hardcore horror and extreme horror) is a film subgenre characterized by the deliberate use of graphic depictions of sex, violence, and other taboo or transgressive acts, including mutilation, torture, and sexual violence. While often rooted in horror cinema, extreme films can also overlap with exploitation, arthouse, and experimental traditions. Influences include mid-20th-century exploitation and splatter films, Japanese ero guro and pink film movements, and later transgressive works such as the New French Extremity.
The global rise of Asian horror and exploitation cinema in the late 20th and early 21st centuries—particularly films from Japan, South Korea, and Thailand—helped popularize the style internationally, alongside European and North American contributions. Extreme cinema remains a controversial category, frequently drawing criticism for perceived gratuitousness or moral irresponsibility, while some defend it as a legitimate form of artistic provocation or social commentary. Due to its explicit content, it is often excluded from mainstream distribution and appeals primarily to a niche market of underground cinema enthusiasts.

Title: WALL-E
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WALL-E
Excerpt: WALL-E (stylized with an interpunct as WALL·E) is a 2008 American animated science fiction film directed by Andrew Stanton, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jim Reardon, based on a story by Stanton and Pete Docter. Produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures, the film stars the voices of Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, Jeff Garlin, John Ratzenberger, Kathy Najimy, and Sigourney Weaver, with Fred Willard in a live-action role. The film follows a solitary robot named WALL-E on a future, uninhabitable, deserted Earth in 2805, left to clean up garbage. He is visited by a robot called EVE sent from the starship Axiom, with whom he falls in love and pursues across the galaxy.
After directing Finding Nemo, Stanton felt Pixar had created believable simulations of underwater physics and was willing to direct a film set largely in space. WALL-E has minimal dialogue in its early sequences; many of the characters in the film do not have voices, but instead communicate with body language and robotic sounds that were designed by Burtt. The film incorporates various topics including human environmental impact and concerns, global catastrophic risk, consumerism, corporatocracy, waste management, obesity/sedentary lifestyles, and nostalgia. It is also Pixar's first animated film featuring live-action segments. Thomas Newman composed the film's musical score. The film cost $180 million to produce, a record-breaking sum for an animated film at the time. Following Pixar tradition, WALL-E was paired with a short film titled Presto for its theatrical release.
WALL-E premiered at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles on June 23, 2008, and was released in the United States on June 27. The film received widespread acclaim for its animation, characters, themes, visuals, score, sound design, screenplay and use of minimal dialogue. It was also commercially successful, grossing $532 million worldwide and becoming the ninth-highest grossing film of 2008. It won several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature alongside five additional nominations. The film was widely named by critics and organizations, including the American Film Institute and National Board of Review, as one of the best films of 2008 and among the greatest animated films ever made. In 2021, WALL-E was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Title: Wall of Eyes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wall_of_Eyes
Excerpt: Wall of Eyes is the second studio album by the English rock band the Smile, released on 26 January 2024 through XL Recordings. It was recorded in Oxfordshire and Abbey Road Studios, London, with the producer Sam Petts-Davies.
The Smile developed the songs while on tour for their first album, A Light for Attracting Attention (2022). They released the first single, "Bending Hectic", in June 2023, and announced the album in November. "Wall of Eyes" and "Friend of a Friend" were also released as singles, with music videos directed by Paul Thomas Anderson.
Wall of Eyes was named one of the year's best albums by several publications and entered the top ten of several national albums charts. The Smile began a tour of Europe in March 2024. A second album recorded during the same sessions, Cutouts, was released in October.