Title: Poker Hall of Fame
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poker_Hall_of_Fame
Excerpt: The Poker Hall of Fame is the hall of fame of professional poker in the United States. Founded in Las Vegas, it was created in 1979 by Benny Binion, the owner of the Horseshoe Casino, to preserve the names and legacies of the world's greatest poker players and to serve as a tourist attraction to his casino.
Binion was known for the creative ways in which he marketed his casino. In 1949, he convinced Johnny Moss and Nick "The Greek" Dandolos to play high-stakes poker heads up where the public could watch them. In 1970, he invited a group of poker players to compete in what would be the first World Series of Poker (WSOP). When Harrah's Entertainment, later known as Caesars Entertainment, acquired the rights to the WSOP in 2004, it also assumed ownership of the Poker Hall of Fame.  Currently, membership in the Poker Hall of Fame is handled directly by the WSOP.
As of 2026, 64 people have been inducted into the Poker Hall of Fame, 33 of whom are still living.
In July 2023, an exhibit devoted to the Poker Hall of Fame opened in the Horseshoe Las Vegas, owned by Caesar’s Entertainment. The exhibit acknowledges poker’s most legendary players with a Gallery of Champions, WSOP bracelets and rings.

Title: List of Pawn Stars episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Pawn_Stars_episodes
Excerpt: Pawn Stars is an American reality television series that premiered on History on July 19, 2009. The series is filmed in Las Vegas, Nevada, where it chronicles the activities at the World Famous Gold & Silver Pawn Shop, a 24-hour family business operated by patriarch Richard "Old Man" Harrison, his son Rick Harrison, Rick's son Corey "Big Hoss" Harrison, and Corey's childhood friend, Austin "Chumlee" Russell. The descriptions of the items listed in this article reflect those given by their sellers and staff in the episodes, prior to their appraisal by experts as to their authenticity, unless otherwise noted.