Title: The Prince of Tides
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Prince_of_Tides
Excerpt: The Prince of Tides is a 1991 American romantic drama film directed and co-produced by Barbra Streisand and written by Pat Conroy and Becky Johnston, based on Conroy's 1986 novel. Starring Streisand and Nick Nolte, it tells the story of the narrator's struggle to overcome the psychological damage inflicted by his dysfunctional childhood in South Carolina.
The film was nominated for seven Academy Awards, including Best Picture. A television series adaptation was stated to be in development for Apple TV+.

Title: The Nanny
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Nanny
Excerpt: The Nanny is an American television sitcom. It originally aired on CBS from November 3, 1993, to June 23, 1999, starring Fran Drescher as Fran Fine, a Jewish fashionista from Flushing, Queens, who becomes the nanny to three children from an Anglo-American upper-class family in New York City. The show was developed by Robert Sternin and Prudence Fraser, and created and produced by Drescher and her then-husband Peter Marc Jacobson, taking much of its inspiration from Drescher's personal life growing up, involving names and characteristics based on her relatives and friends. The series was produced by Sternin & Fraser Ink Inc., Highschool Sweethearts Productions (seasons 3–6) and TriStar Television.
The show earned a Rose d'Or, and one Emmy Award, out of a total of twelve nominations; Drescher was twice nominated for a Golden Globe and an Emmy. The sitcom was the first new show delivered to CBS for the 1993 season and the highest-tested pilot at the network in years. The series was hugely successful internationally, especially in Australia, where it was one of the highest-rated programs of the decade. The Nanny has been called "the '90s version of I Love Lucy" and "well written and entertaining." The sitcom has also spawned several foreign adaptations, loosely inspired by the original scripts.

Title: Adele
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adele
Excerpt: Adele Laurie Blue Adkins ( ə-DEL; born 5 May 1988) is an English singer and songwriter. Regarded as a British cultural icon, she is known for her mezzo-soprano vocals and sentimental songwriting. Her accolades include 16 Grammy Awards, 12 Brit Awards (including three for British Album of the Year), an Academy Award, a Primetime Emmy Award, and a Golden Globe Award.
After graduating from the BRIT School in 2006, Adele signed a record deal with XL Recordings. Her debut album, 19 (2008), included the UK top-five singles "Chasing Pavements" and "Make You Feel My Love", becoming one of best-selling debut albums ever in the UK. She received the Grammy Award for Best New Artist. Her second studio album, 21 (2011), became the best-selling album of the 21st century. 21 holds the record for the top-performing album in US chart history, topping the Billboard 200 for 24 weeks, with the singles "Rolling in the Deep", "Someone like You", and "Set Fire to the Rain" heading charts worldwide and becoming her signature songs. The album received a record-tying six Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year. 
In 2012, Adele released "Skyfall", a soundtrack single for the James Bond film Skyfall, which won her the Academy Award for Best Original Song. Her third studio album, 25 (2015), broke first-week sales records in both the UK and US. In the US, it became the first album to sell over three million copies in a week. 25 earned her five Grammy Awards, including the Album of the Year. The lead single, "Hello", achieved huge success worldwide. Her fourth studio album, 30 (2021), contains "Easy on Me", which won her a Grammy Award in 2023. 25 and 30 became the best-selling albums worldwide, including the US and the UK, in 2015 and 2021, respectively.
Adele is one of the world's best-selling music artists, with sales of over 120 million records worldwide. The best-selling female artist of the 21st century in the UK, she was named the best-selling artist of the 2010s in the US. Her studio albums 21 and 25 were the top two best-selling albums of the 2010s in the UK and both are listed among the best-selling albums in UK chart history, while in the US both are certified Diamond, the most of any artist who debuted in the 21st century. As of 2024, all of her studio albums, except 19, have topped the yearly best-selling albums chart worldwide in the 21st century.

Title: List of The Nanny characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_The_Nanny_characters
Excerpt: The Nanny is an American television sitcom which originally aired on CBS from 1993 to 1999, starring Fran Drescher as Fran Fine, a fashion queen from Flushing, New York who becomes the nanny of three children from the New York/British high society.

Title: Personal life of Clint Eastwood
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_life_of_Clint_Eastwood
Excerpt: Clint Eastwood has had numerous casual and serious relationships of varying length and intensity over his life, many of which overlapped. He has eight known children by six women, only half of whom were contemporaneously acknowledged. Eastwood refuses to confirm his exact number of offspring, and there have been wide discrepancies in the media regarding the number. His biographer, Patrick McGilligan, has stated on camera that Eastwood's total number of children is indeterminate and that "one was when he was still in high school."
Eastwood's first marriage was to manufacturing secretary-turned-fitness instructor Margaret Neville Johnson in December 1953, having met her on a blind date the previous May. During the courtship, he had an affair that resulted in his daughter Laurie (born 1954), who was adopted by Clyde and Helen Warren of Seattle. While the identity of Laurie's biological mother is not public record, McGilligan said the mother belonged to a theatre group Eastwood participated in. Eastwood continued having affairs while married to Johnson, including a 1959 to 1973 liaison with stuntwoman Roxanne Tunis that produced a daughter, Kimber (born 1964). Tunis and Eastwood would keep up a "healthy relationship" until her death in 2023.
Johnson tolerated the open marriage with Eastwood, and eventually they had two children, Kyle (born 1968) and Alison (born 1972). In 1975, Eastwood and married actress-director Sondra Locke began living together; she had been in a marriage of convenience since 1967 with Gordon Leigh Anderson, a gay sculptor. Locke claimed that Eastwood sang "She made me monogamous" to her and confided he had "never been in love before." Nine years into their cohabitation, Eastwood officially divorced Johnson; Locke, however, would remain married to Anderson until her death in 2018. According to Bill Brown, publisher of the Carmel Pine Cone, Eastwood considered Locke the love of his life, yet he has never addressed her death.
In an unpublicized affair, Eastwood sired two legally fatherless children, Scott (born 1986) and Kathryn (born 1988) with Jacelyn Reeves, a flight attendant. When Locke and Eastwood separated in 1989, Locke filed a palimony lawsuit and later sued for fraud, reaching a settlement in both cases.
During the early-to-mid-1990s, Eastwood had a relationship with actress Frances Fisher that yielded a daughter, Francesca (born 1993). Eastwood was married for the second time in 1996 to news anchor Dina Ruiz, who gave birth to their daughter Morgan that same year. Ruiz and Eastwood's marriage lasted until 2014. He has been seen with other women since then.
Eastwood's spokespeople, managers, and press agents have long denied any knowledge of his life. Eastwood dated restaurant hostess Christina Sandera from 2014 until Sandera's death due to arrhythmia on July 18, 2024, though he did not utter a word in public about their alliance prior to announcing that she had died. By the fall of 2024, Eastwood was in a new relationship, though his partner has not been identified.