Title: Porsgrunn
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Porsgrunn
Excerpt: is a municipality in Telemark county, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Grenland. The administrative centre of the municipality is the city of Porsgrunn. Some other notable settlements in Porsgrunn include the town of Brevik and the villages of Langangen and Heistad.
The 164-square-kilometre (63 sq mi) municipality is the 315th largest by area out of the 356 municipalities in Norway. Porsgrunn is the 29th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 37,056. The municipality's population density is 230.5 inhabitants per square kilometre (597/sq mi) and its population has increased by 4.7% over the previous 10-year period. The conurbation of the cities of Porsgrunn and Skien is called Porsgrunn/Skien by Statistics Norway and it is considered to be the seventh-largest urban area in Norway.

Title: Larvik
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larvik
Excerpt: Larvik (Urban East Norwegian: [ˈlɑ̂rviːk] ) is a municipality in Vestfold county, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Vestfold. The administrative centre of the municipality is the city of Larvik. Other main population centres in the municipality include the town of Stavern and the villages of Gjone, Helgeroa, Hem, Kjose, Kvelde, Nevlunghavn, Skinmo, Svarstad, Ula, Verningen, and Tjøllingvollen.
The 813-square-kilometre (314 sq mi) municipality is the 140th largest by area out of the 356 municipalities in Norway. Larvik is the 21st most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 48,246. The municipality's population density is 62.5 inhabitants per square kilometre (162/sq mi) and its population has increased by 5.9% over the previous 10-year period.
The city of Larvik achieved market town status in 1671, but it did not become a self-governing municipality until 1 January 1838 when the formannskapsdistrikt law went into effect.
Larvik is known as the hometown of Thor Heyerdahl. It is also home to Bøkeskogen, the northernmost beech tree forest in the world. Larvik is the home of Norway's only natural mineral water spring, Farriskilden. Farris Bad, located in Larvik, has been described as one of the best spas in Europe. It has the largest spa department in Scandinavia.

Title: Johan Sverdrup
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johan_Sverdrup
Excerpt: Johan Sverdrup (30 July 1816 – 17 February 1892) was a Norwegian politician from the Liberal Party. He was the first prime minister of Norway after the introduction of parliamentarism. Sverdrup was prime minister from 1884 to 1889.

Title: André N. Skjelstad
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andr%C3%A9_N._Skjelstad
Excerpt: André Nikolai Skjelstad (born 27 August 1965) is a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Nord-Trøndelag in 2005. Prior to this he worked as a farmer, and served as Deputy Mayor of Verran Municipality and as a regional council member for Nord-Trøndelag County Municipality. Skjelstad has argued for diversification and investment in the region, to prevent stagnation and reliance upon the oil industry.

Title: Holmestrand Municipality
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holmestrand_Municipality
Excerpt: is a municipality in Vestfold, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Jarlsberg. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Holmestrand. Some of the notable villages in Holmestrand include Eidsfoss, Eikeberg, Gullhaug, Hof, Klever, Sande, Selvik, and Sundbyfoss.
The 432-square-kilometre (167 sq mi) municipality is the 228th largest by area out of the 357 municipalities in Norway. Holmestrand is the 45th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 26,872. The municipality's population density is 62.2 inhabitants per square kilometre (161/sq mi) and its population has increased by 19% over the previous 10-year period.