Title: Battle of Iwo Jima
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Iwo_Jima
Excerpt: The Battle of Iwo Jima (硫黄島の戦い, Iōtō no Tatakai,or Iōjima no Tatakai; 19 February – 26 March 1945) was a major battle in which the United States Marine Corps (USMC), United States Navy (USN), and United States Army (USA) landed on and eventually captured the island of Iwo Jima from the Imperial Japanese Army (IJA) during World War II. The American invasion, designated Operation Detachment, had the goal of capturing the island with its two airfields: South Field and Central Field.
The Japanese Army positions on the island were heavily fortified, with a dense network of bunkers, hidden artillery positions, and 18 km (11 mi) of tunnels. American ground forces were supported by extensive naval artillery, and enjoyed complete air supremacy provided by US Navy, Army, and Marine Corps aviators throughout. The five-week battle saw some of the fiercest and bloodiest fighting of the Pacific War.
Unique among Pacific War battles involving amphibious island landings, total American casualties exceeded those of the Japanese, with a ratio of three American casualties for every two Japanese. Of the 21,000 Japanese soldiers on Iwo Jima at the beginning of the battle, only 216 were taken prisoner, some only captured because they had been knocked unconscious or otherwise disabled. Most Japanese were killed in action, but 3,000 or more continued to resist within various cave systems on the island after most major fighting ended, until they were hunted down and killed by the US Army, with some eventually surrendering.
The invasion of Iwo Jima was controversial, with retired Chief of Naval Operations William V. Pratt stating that the island was useless to the Army as a staging base and useless to the Navy as a fleet base. The island's airfield did support P-51 Mustang long-range escort fighters to protect B-29 Superfortress bombers en route to Japan, and also for emergency landings of B-29s, although these were of limited value late in the war. The Japanese continued to maintain early-warning radar capabilities on the island of Rota, which was never invaded by American forces. Experiences with previous Pacific island battles suggested that the island would be well-defended and that seizing it would result in significant casualties. Lessons learned on Iwo Jima served as guidelines for American forces in the Battle of Okinawa two months later and the planned invasion of the Japanese homeland.
Joe Rosenthal's Associated Press photograph of the raising of the U.S. flag at the summit of the 169 m (554 ft) Mount Suribachi by six Marines became a famous image of the battle and the American war in the Pacific.

Title: Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saipan,_Northern_Mariana_Islands
Excerpt: Saipan () is the largest island and capital of the Northern Mariana Islands, an unincorporated territory of the United States in the western Pacific Ocean. According to 2020 estimates by the United States Census Bureau, the population of Saipan was 43,385. Its people have been United States citizens since the 1980s. Saipan is one of the main homes of the Chamorro and the Carolinian, the indigenous people of the Mariana Islands.
From the 17th century, the island experienced Spanish occupation and rule until the Spanish–American War of 1898, when Saipan was briefly occupied by the United States, before being formally sold to Germany. About 15 years of German rule were followed by 30 years of Japanese rule, which was ended by the Battle of Saipan, as the United States began to take control of the Philippine Sea. Following World War II, Saipan became part of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands, and was administered by the United States, along with the rest of the Northern Marianas. In 1978, Saipan formally joined the United States as part of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.
Today, Saipan is home to about 90% of the population of the Northern Mariana Islands. It hosts many resorts, golf courses, beaches, nature sites, and World War II historical sites. The legislative and executive branches of Commonwealth government are located in the village of Capitol Hill on the island, while the judicial branch is headquartered in the village of Susupe. Since the entire island is organized as a single municipality, most publications designate Saipan as the Commonwealth's capital. As of 2025, Saipan's mayor is Ramon Camacho and the governor of the Northern Mariana Islands is David M. Apatang.
Saipan was hit by Super Typhoon Yutu in 2018, which caused widespread damage. It was previously hit in 2015 by Super Typhoon Soudelor, causing extensive damage to houses and commercial property.

Title: Mariana and Palau Islands campaign
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mariana_and_Palau_Islands_campaign
Excerpt: The Mariana and Palau Islands campaign, also known as Campaign Plan Granite II, was an offensive launched by the United States against Imperial Japanese forces in the Pacific between June and November 1944 during the Pacific War. The campaign consisted of Operation Forager, which captured the Mariana Islands, and Operation Stalemate, which captured Palau. Operation Causeway, an invasion of Japanese-controlled Taiwan, was also planned but not executed. The offensive, under the overall command of Chester W. Nimitz, followed the Gilbert and Marshall Islands campaign and was intended to neutralize Japanese bases in the central Pacific, support the Allied drive to retake the Philippines, and provide bases for a strategic bombing campaign against Japan.
The United States assembled a significant combined arms task force to undertake the campaign. The Fifth Fleet was commanded by Admiral Raymond A. Spruance. Task Force 58, commanded by Vice Admiral Marc Mitscher, consisted of 15 carriers, 7 battleships, 11 cruisers, 86 destroyers and over 900 planes. The amphibious invasion force, commanded by Vice Admiral Richmond K. Turner, consisted of 56 attack transports, 84 landing craft and over 127,000 troops.
At the beginning of the campaign, United States Marine Corps and United States Army forces, with support from the United States Navy, executed landings on Saipan in June 1944. In response, the Imperial Japanese Navy's Combined Fleet sortied to attack the U.S. Navy force supporting the landings. In the resulting Battle of the Philippine Sea (also known as the "Great Marianas Turkey Shoot") on 19–20 June, the Japanese naval forces were decisively defeated with heavy and irreplaceable losses to their carrier-borne and land-based aircraft.
Prior to the landings in the Forager invasion (Guam and Tinian) Operation Wedlock, a phantom diversion campaign was taking place. The increased radio traffic, starting in October 1943, purported a I Alaskan Corps preparing to invade the Kurile island group. A joint army/navy radio task force was established at Adak, Alaska to push out the fake radio traffic to the equally fictitious IX Amphibious Force and 9th US Fleet.   
U.S. forces landed on Saipan in June 1944 and on Guam and Tinian in July 1944. After heavy fighting, Saipan was secured in July and Guam and Tinian in August 1944.  The U.S. then constructed airfields on Saipan and Tinian from which B-29s were able to conduct strategic bombing missions against the Japanese home islands until the end of World War II, including the nuclear attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
In the meantime, in order to secure the flank for U.S. forces preparing to attack Japanese forces in the Philippines, U.S. Marine and Army forces landed on the islands of Peleliu and Angaur in Palau in September 1944. After heavy fighting, both islands were finally secured by U.S. forces in November 1944, while the main Japanese garrison in the Palaus on Koror was bypassed altogether, only to surrender in August 1945 with the Japan's capitulation.
Following their landings in the Mariana and Palau Islands, Allied forces continued their ultimately successful campaign against Japan by landing in the Philippines in October 1944 and the Volcano and Ryukyu Islands beginning in February 1945.

Title: Battle of Guam (1944)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Guam_(1944)
Excerpt: The Battle of Guam (21 July – 10 August 1944) was the American recapture of the Japanese-held island of Guam, an American territory in the Mariana Islands captured by the Japanese in the First Battle of Guam in 1941 during the Pacific campaign of World War II. The battle was a critical component of Operation Forager. The recapture of Guam and the broader Mariana and Palau Islands campaign resulted in the destruction of much of Japan's naval air power and allowed the United States to establish large airbases from which it could bomb the Japanese home islands with its new strategic bomber, the Boeing B-29 Superfortress.
The invasion of Saipan was scheduled for 15 June 1944, with landings on Guam tentatively set for just three days later, but the Battle of the Philippine Sea and stubborn resistance by the unexpectedly large Japanese garrison on Saipan led to the invasion of Guam being postponed for over a month. On 21 July, American forces landed on both sides of the Orote Peninsula on the western side of Guam, planning to secure Apra Harbor. The 3rd Marine Division landed at Asan near Agana to the north of Orote, and the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade landed near Agat to the south. The Marines at the two beachheads were pinned down by heavy Japanese fire, making initial progress inland quite slow. Supply was very difficult; landing ships could not come closer than the reef, several hundred yards from the beach, and amphibious vehicles were scarce.
The 1st Provisional Brigade blocked off the Orote Peninsula on 25 July, and that night the Japanese counterattacked, in coordination with an attack against the 3rd Marine Division to the north. The effort was a failure. On 28 July the two beachheads were linked, and by 29 July the Americans had secured the Orote peninsula. The Japanese counterattacks against the beachheads and the fierce fighting beforehand had exhausted them. By the start of August, they were running out of food and ammunition, and they had only a handful of tanks left. They withdrew from southern Guam, planning to make a stand in the mountainous central and northern part of the island, and to engage in a delaying action.
The Marines and the Army's 77th Infantry Division overran the rest of the island. Rain and thick jungle made conditions difficult for the Americans, but after an engagement with the main Japanese line of defense around Mount Barrigada from 2 to 4 August, the Japanese line collapsed. On 10 August organized Japanese resistance ended, and Guam was declared secure, but 7,500 Japanese soldiers were estimated to still be at large.

Title: Index of Northern Mariana Islands–related articles
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Index_of_Northern_Mariana_Islands%E2%80%93related_articles
Excerpt: The following is an alphabetical list of articles related to the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands.