Title: Marilyn Manson (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marilyn_Manson_(band)
Excerpt: Marilyn Manson is an American rock band formed by namesake lead singer Marilyn Manson and lead guitarist Daisy Berkowitz in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in 1989. Originally named Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids, they gained a local cult following in South Florida in the early 1990s with their theatrical live performances. In 1993, they were the first act signed to Trent Reznor's Nothing Records label. Until 1996, the name of each member was created by combining the first name of a female sex symbol and the last name of a male serial killer, as for the band and lead singer name that combine Marilyn Monroe with Charles Manson. Their lineup has changed between many of their album releases; the eponymous lead singer is the only remaining original member.
In the past, band members dressed in outlandish makeup and costumes, and engaged in intentionally shocking behavior both onstage and off. Their lyrics often received criticism for their anti-religious sentiment and references to sex, violence and drugs, while their live performances were frequently called offensive and obscene. On several occasions, protests and petitions led to the group being blocked from performing, with at least three US states passing legislation banning the group from performing at state-owned venues. They released a number of platinum-selling albums, including Antichrist Superstar (1996) and Mechanical Animals (1998). These albums, along with their highly stylized music videos and worldwide touring, brought public recognition to Marilyn Manson.
In 1999, news media falsely blamed the band for influencing the perpetrators of the Columbine High School massacre. As this controversy began to wane throughout the 2000s, so did the band's mainstream popularity. Despite this, Jon Wiederhorn of MTV, in June 2003, referred to Marilyn Manson as "the only true artist today". Marilyn Manson is widely regarded as being one of the most iconic and controversial figures in rock music, with the band and its lead singer influencing numerous other groups and musicians, both in metal-associated acts and also in wider popular culture. VH1 ranked Marilyn Manson as the seventy-eighth best rock band on their 100 Great Artists of Hard Rock. They were inducted into the Kerrang! Hall of Fame in 2000 and have been nominated for four Grammy Awards. In the U.S., the band has seen ten of its releases debut in the top ten, including two number-one albums. Marilyn Manson have sold in excess of 50 million records worldwide.

Title: System of a Down
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_of_a_Down
Excerpt: System of a Down is an Armenian-American heavy metal band formed in Glendale, California, in 1994. Since 1997, the band has consisted of founding members Serj Tankian (lead vocals, keyboards), Daron Malakian (guitar, vocals), and Shavo Odadjian (bass); along with John Dolmayan (drums), who replaced original drummer Andy Khachaturian.
The band achieved commercial success with the release of five studio albums, three of which debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200. System of a Down has been nominated for four Grammy Awards, and their song "B.Y.O.B." won a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 2006. Known for their politically charged lyrics, many of their songs address social and political issues, such as the anti-war message in "B.Y.O.B." and criticism of the prison industrial complex and the war on drugs in "Prison Song." The band went on hiatus in 2006 and reunited in 2010. Other than two new songs in 2020 ("Protect the Land" and "Genocidal Humanoidz"), System of a Down has not released any new material since the Mezmerize and Hypnotize albums in 2005. The band has sold over 12 million records worldwide, while two of their singles, "Aerials" and "Hypnotize", reached number one on Billboard's Alternative Songs chart.
All members of System of a Down are of Armenian descent, either born to Armenian immigrants or immigrants themselves.

Title: The Beatles
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Beatles
Excerpt: The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960. The band comprised John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr. They are regarded as the most influential band in popular music and were integral to the development of 1960s counterculture and the recognition of popular music as an art form. Rooted in skiffle, beat and 1950s rock 'n' roll, their sound incorporated elements of classical music and traditional pop in innovative ways. They also explored styles ranging from folk and Indian music to psychedelia and hard rock. As pioneers in recording, songwriting and artistic presentation, the Beatles revolutionised many aspects of the music industry and were often publicised as leaders of the era's youth and sociocultural movements.
Led by primary songwriters Lennon and McCartney, the Beatles evolved from Lennon's previous group, the Quarrymen, and built their reputation by playing clubs in Liverpool and in Hamburg, West Germany, starting in 1960. Lennon, McCartney and Harrison, together since 1958, went through a succession of drummers before Starr joined in 1962. Manager Brian Epstein moulded them into a professional act, and producer George Martin developed their recordings, greatly expanding their domestic success after they signed with EMI and achieved their first hit, "Love Me Do", in late 1962. As their popularity grew into the fan frenzy dubbed "Beatlemania", the band acquired the nickname "the Fab Four". By early 1964, the Beatles were international stars and had achieved unprecedented levels of critical and commercial success. They became a leading force in Britain's cultural resurgence, ushering in the British Invasion of the United States pop market. They made their film debut with A Hard Day's Night (1964).
A growing desire to refine their studio efforts, coupled with the challenging nature of their concert tours, led to the Beatles' retirement from live performances in 1966. During this time, they produced albums of greater sophistication, including Rubber Soul (1965), Revolver (1966) and Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (1967). They enjoyed further commercial success with The Beatles (also known as "the White Album", 1968) and Abbey Road (1969). The success of these records heralded the album era, increased public interest in psychedelic drugs and Eastern spirituality, and furthered advancements in electronic music, album art and music videos. In 1968, the Beatles founded Apple Corps, a multi-armed multimedia corporation that continues to oversee projects related to their legacy. After the Beatles' break-up in 1970, all former members enjoyed success as solo artists. While some partial reunions occurred over the next decade, the members never fully reunited. Lennon was murdered in 1980 and Harrison died of lung cancer in 2001; McCartney and Starr remain musically active.
The Beatles are the best-selling music act of all time, with estimated sales of over 600 million units worldwide. They are the most successful act in the history of the US Billboard charts, with the most number-one singles on the Billboard Hot 100 (20) and most number-one albums on the Billboard 200 (19). They hold the record for most singles sold in the UK (21.9 million), and held the record for most number-one albums on the UK Albums Chart (15) until Robbie Williams surpassed them in 2026. The Beatles' accolades include nine Grammy Awards, four Brit Awards, an Academy Award (for Best Original Song Score for the 1970 documentary film Let It Be) and fifteen Ivor Novello Awards. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in their first year of eligibility, 1988, and each principal member was individually inducted between 1994 and 2015. In 2004 and 2011, the Beatles topped Rolling Stone's lists of the greatest artists in history. Time named them among the 20th century's 100 most important people.

Title: Sepultura
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sepultura
Excerpt: Sepultura (Portuguese: [sepuwˈtuɾɐ], "grave") is a Brazilian heavy metal band from Belo Horizonte, formed in 1984 by brothers Max and Igor Cavalera. They were a major force in the groove metal, thrash metal and death metal genres during the late 1980s and early 1990s, and were also an integral part of the sound of deathrash. Their style has changed over the years, with the band merging its sound with influences and textures of alternative metal, world music, nu metal, progressive rock, hardcore punk, and industrial metal. Sepultura is also considered part of the second wave of thrash metal from the late 1980s to early-to-mid-1990s.
Sepultura has released fifteen studio albums to date. The band released their debut album Morbid Visions in 1986, followed a year later by Schizophrenia. The latter caught the attention of Roadrunner Records, who signed Sepultura in 1988. Their third album, and Roadrunner debut, Beneath the Remains (1989) was the band's international breakthrough. The next three albums – Arise (1991), Chaos A.D. (1993), and Roots (1996) – cemented Sepultura's reputation as one of the most successful heavy metal bands of the 1990s. The band has sold over three million units in the United States and almost 20 million worldwide, gaining multiple gold and platinum records around the globe, including France, Australia, Indonesia, the United States, the United Kingdom, Cyprus, and their native Brazil.
Sepultura has undergone several membership changes throughout its 42-year career. Max and Igor Cavalera departed in 1997 and 2006, respectively. Their "classic" lineup, lasting nearly a decade, consisted of Max, Igor, bassist Paulo Jr., and guitarist Andreas Kisser. Since Igor's departure in 2006, there have been no original members left in the band. Although Paulo Jr. had joined Sepultura shortly after its formation in late 1984 and is the longest serving member, he did not perform on any of their studio albums until Chaos A.D. Kisser, who replaced previous guitarist Jairo Guedz, has appeared on every Sepultura album since Schizophrenia. He also performed as a bassist until Chaos A.D. Their current lineup consists of Paulo Jr., Kisser, frontman Derrick Green (who replaced Max in 1997), and drummer Greyson Nekrutman. In March 2024, after more than four decades of activity, the band began a two-year-long farewell tour, after which they will disband; an EP, The Cloud of Unknowing (2026), was released to coincide with the final year of this tour.

Title: Guns N' Roses
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guns_N%27_Roses
Excerpt: Guns N' Roses is an American hard rock band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1985 from L.A. Guns and Hollywood Rose. After signing with Geffen Records in 1986, the band's "classic" lineup featured vocalist Axl Rose, lead guitarist Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and drummer Steven Adler.
Guns N' Roses gained a local following before releasing their debut album Appetite for Destruction (1987), which initially struggled until the breakout success of the "Welcome to the Jungle" music video. The album sold over 30 million copies worldwide, becoming the best-selling debut album in the U.S., and spawned hits like "Paradise City" and "Sweet Child o' Mine". Their follow-up, G N' R Lies (1988) combined earlier material with new acoustic songs and reached number two on the Billboard 200, sold ten million copies globally, and featured the hit "Patience" and the controversial "One in a Million". In 1990, Adler was replaced by Matt Sorum due to drug issues, and keyboardist Dizzy Reed joined. Their 1991 twin albums Use Your Illusion I and Use Your Illusion II debuted at numbers two and one on the Billboard 200 and sold a combined 35 million copies worldwide. The Illusion albums contained successful singles like "You Could Be Mine", "Don't Cry", and "November Rain", as well as a series of high-budget music videos.
After finishing the record-setting Use Your Illusion Tour (1991–93), Guns N' Roses released the punk covers album "The Spaghetti Incident?" (1993), which debuted at number four on the Billboard 200 and sold over 1 million copies in the United States. They then entered a turbulent phase amid lineup turmoil; several members left, leaving only Rose and Reed from the Illusion years by 1998. The band was rebuilt with new recruits, including Robin Finck, Buckethead, Tommy Stinson, Brain and Chris Pitman, among others. The various lineups worked on the long-delayed industrial and electronic-influenced Chinese Democracy (2008), which cost an estimated $14 million, making it the most expensive rock album produced. Gaining notoriety for its delays and protracted development, the album debuted at number three on the Billboard 200 and sold 2.6 million copies worldwide. In November 2004, Geffen released Greatest Hits (2004), which has sold over 6 million copies in the United States. It became one of the longest-charting albums in the history of the Billboard 200. After years of animosity, Slash and McKagan rejoined the band in 2016 for the quasi-reunion Not in This Lifetime... Tour, which became one of the highest-grossing concert tours of all time. The current lineup consists of Rose, Slash, McKagan, rhythm guitarist Richard Fortus, drummer Isaac Carpenter, and keyboardists Reed and Melissa Reese.
Guns N' Roses is one of the best-selling musical acts of all time, with estimated worldwide sales of over 100 million records. The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2012. Known for their volatile performances, media feuds, and provocative lyrics, Guns N' Roses cultivated a reputation as "The World's Most Dangerous Band". Their fusion of punk, blues, and metal helped shift late-'80s rock away from glam rock. They are regarded as one of the most influential rock bands of their era, with Appetite for Destruction frequently ranked among the greatest albums of all time. Songs such as "Sweet Child o' Mine" and "Welcome to the Jungle" are considered classics of the genre, and the band has been included in lists of the greatest artists of all time by publications like Rolling Stone and VH1.