Title: Hamar
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamar
Excerpt: Hamar (Norwegian: [ˈhɑ̂ːmɑr] ) is a town in Hamar Municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. Hamar is the administrative centre of Hamar Municipality. It is located in the traditional region of Hedmarken. The town is located on the shores of Mjøsa, Norway's largest lake. Historically, it was the principal city of the former Hedmark county, now part of the larger Innlandet county.
The town of Hamar lies in the southwestern part of Hamar Municipality. The 14.21-square-kilometre (5.49 sq mi) town has a population (2024) of 30,030 and a population density of 2,113 inhabitants per square kilometre (5,470/sq mi). The urban area of the town actually extends over the municipal borders into both Ringsaker Municipality and Stange Municipality. About 1.7 square kilometres (420 acres) and 2,438 residents within the town are actually located in Ringsaker Municipality and another 0.3 square kilometres (74 acres) and 332 residents of the town are located within Stange Municipality.

Title: Tromsø
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Troms%C3%B8
Excerpt: Tromsø is a city in Tromsø Municipality in Troms county, Norway. The city is the administrative centre of the municipality and the county. The city is located on the island of Tromsøya which sits in the Tromsøysundet strait, just off the mainland of Northern Norway. The mainland suburb of Tromsdalen is connected to the city centre on Tromsøya by the Tromsø Bridge and the Tromsøysund Tunnel. The suburb of Kvaløysletta on the island of Kvaløya is connected to the city centre by the Sandnessund Bridge.
The city centre contains the highest number of old wooden houses in Northern Norway, the oldest dating from 1789. Tromsø is a cultural hub for the region, with several festivals taking place in the summer.
The 13.8-square-kilometre (3,400-acre) town has a population (2024) of 42,782 and a population density of 3,100 inhabitants per square kilometre (8,000/sq mi).
In 2026, Tromsø holds the title of European Youth Capital, becoming the northernmost city to ever receive this designation. The year-long programme focuses on empowering young people in the Arctic region and fostering youth participation in local governance.

Title: Abid Raja
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abid_Raja
Excerpt: Abid Qayyum Raja (born 5 November 1975) is a Norwegian lawyer and Liberal Party politician who served as Minister of Culture from 2020 to 2021. He was elected to the Storting as representative for Akershus in 2013 where he served as second deputy chair of the Standing Committee on Transport and Communications and also is a member of the Standing Committee on Scrutiny and Constitutional Affairs. In October 2017, Raja was elected as the vice-president of the Storting, the second time in Norway's history that a Muslim has been elected to that office.
Raja has written three books, the latter of which My fault (Min skyld) won the 2021 Norwegian Bookseller's Prize and was the most sold non-fiction book in Norway in 2021 and 2022.

Title: Kristine Bonnevie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristine_Bonnevie
Excerpt: Kristine Elisabet Heuch Bonnevie (8 October 1872 – 30 August 1948) was a Norwegian biologist. She was the first woman to graduate with a science doctorate in Norway (and the second woman overall), Norway's first woman professor, a women's rights activist, and a politician for the Free-minded Liberal Party. Her fields of research were cytology, genetics, and embryology. She was among the first women to be elected to political office in Norway. She suggested the epic voyage of her graduate student Thor Heyerdahl on the raft Kon-tiki, a voyage memorialized in the Kon-Tiki Museum, Oslo.

Title: Marit Nybakk
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marit_Nybakk
Excerpt: Marit Nybakk (born 14 February 1947, in Nord-Odal) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party, a former First Vice-president of the Norwegian Parliament, the Storting, and a former President of the Nordic Council. From 2016 to 2018 she was President of the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights, the preeminent women's and girls' rights organisation in Norway.
A pragmatic social democrat and a proponent of the Third Way, she became a Member of Parliament in 1986 as the substitute for Gro Harlem Brundtland when the latter became prime minister. In 2009 she became the Storting's Third Vice President, before becoming First Vice President in 2013. She did not stand for reelection in 2017; at that point she was both Norway's longest-serving incumbent member of parliament and the longest-serving woman of all times. Nybakk served as President of the Nordic Council for the term 2013.
Nybakk has been one of the Labour Party's principal politicians in foreign and defence affairs since the 1990s and has been her party's spokesperson on defence. She was Chairman of the Standing Committee on Defence between 2001 and 2005 and Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs between 2005 and 2009. She is a former leader of the Socialist Group in the NATO Parliamentary Assembly.