Title: Horten
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horten
Excerpt: Horten () is a municipality in Vestfold county, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Jarlsberg. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Horten. Other population centers in Horten Municipality include the town of Åsgårdstrand and the villages of Nykirke, Skoppum, and Borre. The municipality is located on a peninsula along the Ytre Oslofjord.
The 71-square-kilometre (27 sq mi) municipality is the 340th largest by area out of the 356 municipalities in Norway. Horten is the 42nd most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 27,682. The municipality's population density is 400.5 inhabitants per square kilometre (1,037/sq mi) and its population has increased by 4.1% over the previous 10-year period.
Borre National Park contains the largest known burial site in Scandinavia. It also has the largest collection of king's graves in Scandinavia.
The local newspaper in Horten is named Gjengangeren, and covers mostly local news. The Bastøy Prison is located on the island of Bastøy which is located in the Ytre Oslofjord and is part of the municipality of Horten.

Title: Elections in Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elections_in_Norway
Excerpt: Norway elects its legislature on a national level. The parliament, the Storting (or Stortinget by Norwegian grammar), has 169 members elected for a four-year term (during which it may not be dissolved) by a form of proportional representation in multi-seat constituencies.
Norway has a multi-party system, with numerous parties in which no one party often has a chance of gaining power alone, and parties must work with each other to form coalition governments or minority cabinets.
In Norway, elections are held every second year, alternating between elections for the Parliament and local elections, both of which are held every four years.
Suffrage is universal from the year a person turns 18 years old, even if the person turns 18 later in the year the election is held. Only Norwegian citizens can vote in the Parliamentary elections, but foreigners who have lived in Norway for three years continuously can vote in the local elections. Women's suffrage was adopted in 1913.
The last elections were the 2023 local elections on 11 September. The last parliamentary election was the 2025 parliamentary election, on 8 September.

Title: Erna Solberg
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erna_Solberg
Excerpt: Erna Solberg (Norwegian: [ˈæ̀ːɳɑ ˈsûːlbærɡ]; born 24 February 1961) is a Norwegian politician and was the Leader of the Opposition from 2021 to 2025. She served as the prime minister of Norway from 2013 to 2021, and as the leader of the Conservative Party from 2004 to 2026.
Solberg was first elected to the Storting in 1989, and served as Minister of Local Government and Regional Development in Bondevik's Second Cabinet from 2001 to 2005. During her tenure, she oversaw the tightening of immigration policy and the preparation of a proposed reform of the administrative divisions of Norway. After the 2005 election, she chaired the Conservative Party parliamentary group until 2013. Solberg has emphasized the social and ideological basis of Conservative policies, though the party also has become visibly more pragmatic.
After winning the 2013 parliamentary election, Solberg became Norway's second female prime minister, after Gro Harlem Brundtland. She led a minority coalition government of the Conservative and Progress parties, known as the "Blue-Blue Cabinet," with support from the Liberal and Christian Democratic parties. Her government was re-elected in 2017 and later expanded to formally include the Liberal Party in 2018 and the Christian Democratic Party in 2019, securing a parliamentary majority. Solberg became the longest-serving Conservative prime minister in Norwegian history in 2018. Following the 2021 election, her government lost its majority, and she resigned, returning to the role of Leader of the Opposition. In 2025, after the Conservative Party was defeated in the general election, Solberg announced she would step down as party leader in 2026.

Title: Marit Nybakk
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marit_Nybakk
Excerpt: Marit Nybakk (born 14 February 1947, in Nord-Odal) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party, a former First Vice-president of the Norwegian Parliament, the Storting, and a former President of the Nordic Council. From 2016 to 2018 she was President of the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights, the preeminent women's and girls' rights organisation in Norway.
A pragmatic social democrat and a proponent of the Third Way, she became a Member of Parliament in 1986 as the substitute for Gro Harlem Brundtland when the latter became prime minister. In 2009 she became the Storting's Third Vice President, before becoming First Vice President in 2013. She did not stand for reelection in 2017; at that point she was both Norway's longest-serving incumbent member of parliament and the longest-serving woman of all times. Nybakk served as President of the Nordic Council for the term 2013.
Nybakk has been one of the Labour Party's principal politicians in foreign and defence affairs since the 1990s and has been her party's spokesperson on defence. She was Chairman of the Standing Committee on Defence between 2001 and 2005 and Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs between 2005 and 2009. She is a former leader of the Socialist Group in the NATO Parliamentary Assembly.

Title: 2025 Norwegian parliamentary election
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2025_Norwegian_parliamentary_election
Excerpt: Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 8 September 2025 to elect all 169 members of the Storting, the Norwegian parliament, for the 2025–2029 parliamentary term. Advance voting took place from 11 August to 5 September.
The election resulted in incumbent Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre's Labour Party winning the most seats. The opposition Conservative Party, led by former Prime Minister Erna Solberg, fell to third place for the first time since 2009. The right-wing populist Progress Party gained seats in the Storting and ended up with 47 seats, the highest seat count in the party's history; this made it the largest opposition party for the term. It also marked the highest voter turn-out since 1989.
The red-green bloc won a majority with 88 seats, allowing Støre to continue as Prime Minister in his minority government. The victory came after years of poor opinion polling, after which the Labour Party made a political comeback. Issues in the election included taxes, immigration, foreign relations, healthcare, and rising inequality.