Title: James Whitmore
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Whitmore
Excerpt: James Allen Whitmore Jr. (October 1, 1921 – February 6, 2009) was an American actor who appeared in over 150 stage, film, and television roles over a 50-year career. He received numerous honors, notably a Grammy Award, a Primetime Emmy Award, and a Tony Award. He was nominated for two Academy Awards, Best Supporting Actor for Battleground (1949) and Best Actor for Give 'em Hell, Harry! (1975).

Title: Catch Me If You Can
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catch_Me_If_You_Can
Excerpt: Catch Me If You Can is a 2002 American comedy-drama film directed and produced by Steven Spielberg and starring Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Hanks with Christopher Walken, Martin Sheen, Nathalie Baye, Amy Adams and James Brolin in supporting roles. The screenplay by Jeff Nathanson is based on the semi-autobiographical book by Frank Abagnale Jr., who claims that prior to his 19th birthday, he successfully performed cons worth millions of dollars by posing as a Pan American World Airways pilot, a Georgia doctor, and a Louisiana parish prosecutor. However, the truth of his story has since been heavily disputed.
A movie version of Abagnale's book was contemplated soon after it was published in 1980 but began in earnest in 1997 when Spielberg's DreamWorks bought the film rights. David Fincher, Gore Verbinski, Lasse Hallström, Miloš Forman and Cameron Crowe were all considered to direct the film before Spielberg decided to direct it himself. Filming took place from February to May 2002.
The film opened on December 25, 2002, to major critical and commercial success, grossing $352 million worldwide. At the 75th Academy Awards, Christopher Walken and John Williams were nominated for Best Supporting Actor and Best Original Score, respectively.

Title: Josh Brolin
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Josh_Brolin
Excerpt: Josh James Brolin (; born February 12, 1968) is an American actor. A son of actor James Brolin, he gained fame in his youth for his role in the adventure film The Goonies (1985). Brolin had a resurgence with his starring role in the crime film No Country for Old Men (2007). Brolin received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for portraying Dan White in the biopic Milk (2008).
Brolin's career progressed with roles in W. (2008), True Grit (2010), Wall Street: Money Never Sleeps (2010), Men in Black 3 (2012), Oldboy (2013), Inherent Vice (2014), Everest (2015), and Hail, Caesar! (2016). He gained wider recognition for playing Thanos in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), including in the films Avengers: Infinity War (2018) and Avengers: Endgame (2019), as well as Cable in Deadpool 2 (2018). Brolin also collaborated with filmmaker Denis Villeneuve in the action thriller Sicario (2015) and in the science fiction films Dune (2021), Dune: Part Two (2024), and Dune: Part Three (2026), in which he played Gurney Halleck.  In 2019, he founded the production company Brolin Productions, whose first project was the crime comedy film Brothers (2024).

Title: Avengers: Endgame
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avengers:_Endgame
Excerpt: Avengers: Endgame is a 2019 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers. Produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, it is the direct sequel to Avengers: Infinity War (2018) and the 22nd film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Directed by Anthony and Joe Russo and written by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely, the film features an ensemble cast that includes Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson, Jeremy Renner, Don Cheadle, Paul Rudd, Brie Larson, Karen Gillan, Danai Gurira, Benedict Wong, Jon Favreau, Bradley Cooper, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Josh Brolin. In the film, the surviving members of the Avengers and their allies attempt to reverse Thanos's actions in Infinity War, which erased half of all life in the universe.
The film was announced in October 2014 as Avengers: Infinity War – Part 2, but Marvel Studios later removed this title. The Russo brothers joined as directors in April 2015, with Markus and McFeely signing on to write the script a month later. It is a conclusion to the story of the MCU up to that point, ending several main characters' story arcs. The plot revisits moments from earlier films, bringing back actors and settings from throughout the franchise. Filming began in August 2017 at Pinewood Atlanta Studios in Fayette County, Georgia, shooting back-to-back with Infinity War, and ended in January 2018. Additional filming took place in the Metro and downtown Atlanta areas, New York state, Scotland, and England. The official title was announced in December 2018. With an estimated budget range of $356–400 million, Endgame is one of the most expensive films ever produced.
Avengers: Endgame premiered at the Los Angeles Convention Center on April 22, 2019, and was released in the United States on April 26 as part of Phase Three of the MCU. The film received positive reviews from critics, with praise for its direction, acting, musical score, action scenes, visual effects, and emotional weight, with critics lauding its culmination of the 22-film story. It grossed nearly $2.8 billion worldwide, surpassing Infinity War's entire theatrical run in eleven days and setting several box-office records. It was the highest-grossing film of all time from July 2019 to March 2021, when it was surpassed by the previous record-holder, Avatar (2009). Endgame was nominated for Best Visual Effects at the 92nd Academy Awards, among numerous other accolades. An extended version, subtitled Encore, will be released in theaters in September 2026 in anticipation of the film's two sequels, Avengers: Doomsday and Avengers: Secret Wars, which are respectively scheduled for release in December 2026 and 2027.

Title: What If...? season 3
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/What_If...%3F_season_3
Excerpt: The third and final season of the American animated anthology series What If...?, based on the Marvel Comics series of the same name, explores alternate timelines in the multiverse that show what would happen if major moments from the films of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) occurred differently. The season is produced by Marvel Studios Animation, with Matthew Chauncey serving as head writer and Bryan Andrews and Stephan Franck directing. Animation for the season is provided by Flying Bark Productions and Stellar Creative Lab, with Scott Wright serving as head of animation.
Jeffrey Wright stars as the Watcher, who narrates the series, alongside numerous MCU film actors reprising their roles. Development began by July 2022, with Chauncey replacing previous head writer A. C. Bradley for the season by December 2023. Andrews and Franck returned from previous seasons to direct.
The third season premiered on the streaming service Disney+ on December 22, 2024, with its remaining episodes released daily until December 29. It is part of Phase Five of the MCU.