Title: David Kelly (actor)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Kelly_(actor)
Excerpt: David Kelly (11 July 1929 – 12 February 2012) was an Irish actor, entertainer, and dancer who had regular roles in several film and television works from the 1950s onwards. One of the most recognisable voices and faces of Irish stage and screen, he was known for his roles as Rashers Tierney in Strumpet City, Cousin Enda in Me Mammy, the builder Mr. O'Reilly in Fawlty Towers, Albert Riddle in Robin's Nest, and Grandpa Joe in the film Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005). Another notable role was as Michael O'Sullivan in Waking Ned.

Title: David Lynch filmography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Lynch_filmography
Excerpt: David Lynch (January 20, 1946 – January 16, 2025) was an American filmmaker, visual artist, musician and actor. Known for his surrealist films, he developed his own  cinematic style which has been dubbed "Lynchian" and is characterized by its dream imagery and meticulous sound design. The surreal and, in many cases, violent elements to his films have earned them the reputation that they "disturb, offend or mystify" their audiences.

Lynch's oeuvre includes short and feature-length films, music videos, documentaries and television episodes, while his involvement in these ranged from direction, production, and screenwriting to acting and sound design. Lynch's first project was the 1967 short Six Men Getting Sick (Six Times), an animated film which blended elements of sculpture and painting into its animation.
His first feature-length project, 1977's Eraserhead, became a cult film and launched his commercial career. It also marked his first collaboration with Jack Nance, who would appear in many more of Lynch's productions until the death of the actor in 1996. Lynch's other feature films include the commercial flop Dune, and the critically successful The Elephant Man (1980), Blue Velvet (1986), The Straight Story (1999) and Mulholland Drive (2001), all of which went on to earn Academy Award nominations.
Lynch also branched out into television, and later, internet-based series. His first foray into television was Twin Peaks, a joint venture with Mark Frost which became a cult success, leading to Lynch and Frost working together on a number of other projects, including On the Air and American Chronicles.
In 2002, Lynch began producing two series of short films released through his official website: the Flash-animated DumbLand and Rabbits. Having begun acting in his 1972 short The Amputee, Lynch went on to appear on screen in Twin Peaks, Zelly and Me, and Dune. From 2010 to 2013, Lynch appeared in a recurring voice role in the animated series The Cleveland Show. He was a supporting actor in the 2017 John Carroll Lynch film Lucky.

Title: David Fincher filmography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Fincher_filmography
Excerpt: David Fincher is an American film director who has worked on feature films, television series, and music videos. Widely regarded as one of the most preeminent directors of his generation, his films have collectively grossed over $2.1 billion worldwide and received numerous accolades, including three nominations for the Academy Award for Best Director. He has also received four Primetime Emmy Awards, two Grammy Awards, a BAFTA Award, and a Golden Globe.
He made his directorial debut in 1992 with the science-fiction horror film Alien 3. Since then, he has gone on to direct several films in the thriller genre, including Seven (1995), The Game (1997), Fight Club (1999), Panic Room (2002), Zodiac (2007), The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo (2011), Gone Girl (2014) and The Killer (2023). He has also produced three television series for Netflix: House of Cards (2013–2018), Mindhunter (2017–2019), and Love, Death & Robots (2019).
Outside of feature films, Fincher has directed music videos for artists including The Rolling Stones, Justin Timberlake and Jay-Z—for which he won two Grammy Awards for Best Music Video—Nine Inch Nails, Michael Jackson, Madonna, Sting, and Rick Springfield, among others.
Fincher also made a cameo in the 2009 French animated short film Logorama.

Title: David Walliams filmography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Walliams_filmography
Excerpt: This is a list of works and appearances by the English comedian, actor and television personality David Walliams.

Title: Martin Sheen filmography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Martin_Sheen_filmography
Excerpt: The following is the complete filmography of American actor Martin Sheen.