Title: Singapore
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore
Excerpt: Singapore, officially the Republic of Singapore, is an island country in Southeast Asia. Its territory comprises a main island, over 60 satellite islands and islets, and one outlying islet. The country is about one degree of latitude (137 kilometres or 85 miles) north of the equator, off the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula, bordering the Strait of Malacca to the west, the Singapore Strait to the south along with the Riau Islands in Indonesia, the South China Sea to the east and the Straits of Johor along with the State of Johor in Malaysia to the north.
In its early history, Singapore was a maritime emporium known as Temasek; subsequently, it was a major constituent of several successive thalassocratic empires. Its contemporary era began in 1819, when Stamford Raffles established Singapore as an entrepôt trading post of the British Empire. In 1867, Singapore came under direct British control as part of the Straits Settlements. During World War II, Singapore was occupied by Japan in 1942 and returned to Britain as a Crown colony following Japan's surrender in 1945. Singapore gained self-governance in 1959 and in 1963 became part of the new federation of Malaysia, alongside Malaya, North Borneo and Sarawak. Ideological differences led to Singapore's expulsion from the federation two years later; it became an independent sovereign country in 1965. After early years of turbulence and despite lacking natural resources and a hinterland, the nation rapidly developed to become one of the Four Asian Tigers.
As a highly developed country, Singapore has the highest PPP-adjusted GDP per capita in the world and is the only country in Asia with a AAA sovereign credit rating from all major rating agencies. Identified as a tax haven, it is a major aviation, financial and maritime shipping hub and has consistently been ranked as one of the most expensive cities for expatriates and foreign workers. Singapore ranks highly in key social indicators: education, healthcare, housing, peacefulness, passport strength, personal safety and infrastructure, with a high home-ownership rate. Singaporeans enjoy one of the longest life expectancies, fastest Internet connection speeds, lowest infant mortality rates and lowest levels of corruption in the world. Singapore is organised into five regions, 55 planning areas and hundreds of subzones. It has the second highest population density of any country, although there are numerous green and recreational spaces as a result of urban planning. With a multicultural population and in recognition of the cultural identities of the country's major ethnic groups, Singapore has four official languages: English, Malay, Mandarin and Tamil. English is the common language, with exclusive use in numerous public services. Multi-racialism is enshrined in the constitution and continues to shape national policies.
Singapore is a parliamentary republic and its legal system is based on common law. While it is constitutionally a multi-party democracy where free elections are regularly held, it functions as a de facto one-party state, with the People's Action Party (PAP) maintaining continuous political dominance since 1959. The PAP's longstanding control has resulted in limited political pluralism and a highly centralised governance structure over national institutions. One of the five founding members of ASEAN, Singapore is also the headquarters of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Secretariat, the Pacific Economic Cooperation Council Secretariat and is the host city of many international conferences and events. Singapore is also a member of the United Nations, the World Trade Organization, the East Asia Summit, the Non-Aligned Movement and the Commonwealth of Nations.

Title: Music of Asia
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Music_of_Asia
Excerpt: Asian music encompasses numerous musical styles, diverse cultural and religious traditions, and forms originating on the Asian continent.

Title: Music of Singapore
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Music_of_Singapore
Excerpt: Singapore has a diverse music culture that ranges from rock and pop to folk and classical. Its various communities have their own distinct musical traditions: the Chinese form the largest ethnic group in Singapore, with Malays, Indians as well as a lesser number of other peoples of different ethnicities including Eurasians. The different people with their traditional forms of music, the various modern musical styles, and the fusion of different forms account for the musical diversity in the country.
It has an urban musical scene, and is a center for pop, rock, punk and other genres in the region. The country has produced in the 1960s bands like The Crescendos, Naomi & The Boys and The Quests, right up to the new millennium with pop singers such as Stefanie Sun and JJ Lin. Folk music of Singapore includes the ethnic music traditions of the Chinese, Malay and Tamil communities. Singapore also has a lively Western classical music scene.

Title: Singapore Raffles Music College
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore_Raffles_Music_College
Excerpt: Singapore Raffles Music College (Abbreviation: SRMC; Chinese: 新加坡莱佛士音乐学院; pinyin: Xīnjiāpō Láifoshi Yīnyuè Xuéyuan) is a tertiary music institution in Singapore registered with the Council for Private Education. It was recently awarded the EduTrust Provisional award in 2014, certifying that SRMC has reached high standards in key areas of management and provision of educational services. It enrolled its first students in 2006.
The college's campus is located in north Singapore at 6A Woodlands Centre Road. It offers certificate and diploma courses in Western, Chinese and popular music. Since 2010, SRMC has partnered the University of West London to offer foundation degrees and bachelor's degrees in music.

Title: Official Southeast Asia Charts
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Official_Southeast_Asia_Charts
Excerpt: The Official Southeast Asia Charts (shortened to the Official SEA Charts) are a collection of record charts launched in 2025 by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI). Based on data from BMAT, the charts reflect the 20 most-streamed songs in six Southeast Asian (SEA) countries: Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.