Title: Chang Apana
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chang_Apana
Excerpt: Chang Apana (December 26, 1871 – December 8, 1933; traditional Chinese: 鄭阿平; simplified Chinese: 郑阿平; pinyin: Zhèng Āpíng) was a Chinese-Hawaiian detective of the Honolulu Police Department. He was acknowledged by Earl Derr Biggers as the inspiration for his fictional Chinese-American detective character, Charlie Chan.

Title: Uncle (disambiguation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_(disambiguation)
Excerpt: An uncle is a family relative and, in some cultures, is used as a term of familiarity or respect for a middle-aged or elderly man.
Uncle, UNCLE or The Uncle may also refer to:

Title: Byron Mann
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byron_Mann
Excerpt: Byron Mann Fung (Chinese: 文峰; Jyutping: Man4 Fung1; nè Chan) is a Hong Kong-American actor. His best-known roles include Ryu in Street Fighter, Silver Lion in The Man with the Iron Fists, Wing Chau in The Big Short, Admiral Augusto Nguyen on The Expanse, Chang on Hell on Wheels, Yao Fei on Arrow, and Uncle Six in the Netflix series Wu Assassins.

Title: List of Community characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Community_characters
Excerpt: Community is an American television sitcom created by Dan Harmon that ran for 110 episodes. The show, set at the fictional Greendale Community College, depicts the on-campus exploits of a close-knit study group. In the pilot, the main cast members are Joel McHale, Gillian Jacobs, Danny Pudi, Yvette Nicole Brown, Alison Brie, Donald Glover, and Chevy Chase. Ken Jeong joined the main cast starting with the second episode, and Jim Rash was promoted to the main cast at the start of the third season. John Oliver, Jonathan Banks, Paget Brewster, and Keith David also played major roles throughout their stints while not actually being credited among the main cast. The series also features recurring characters, mainly fellow students or teachers at Greendale.

Title: The Grandmaster (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Grandmaster_(film)
Excerpt: The Grandmaster (Chinese: 一代宗师, Yi dai zong shi) is a 2013 martial arts drama film based on the life story of the Wing Chun grandmaster Ip Man. The film was directed and written by Wong Kar-wai. A Hong Kong-Chinese co-production, it was released on 8 January 2013 in China, and screened as the opening film at the 63rd Berlin International Film Festival in February 2013. It was selected as part of the 2013 Hong Kong International Film Festival. The Weinstein Company acquired the international distribution rights for the film. The film was selected as the Hong Kong entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 86th Academy Awards, making the January shortlist, but ultimately did not receive the nomination. Despite this, the film was nominated for Best Cinematography and Best Costume Design.
The film received a record-breaking 12 awards in the 33rd Hong Kong Film Awards, most wins for a single film in history. Zhang Ziyi also received an unprecedented 12 different Best Actress awards for her performance.