Title: Jay-Z
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jay-Z
Excerpt: Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4, 1969), known professionally as Jay-Z, is an American rapper, businessman, and record executive. In 2023, Billboard and Vibe ranked him as the greatest rapper of all time. Rooted in East Coast hip-hop, Jay-Z is known for his complex lyricism that often uses double entendres, wordplay, and braggadocio—built on a rags to riches narrative. According to Forbes, he is the wealthiest music artist in history, worth an estimated US$2.8 billion as of 2026.
A protégé of fellow New York City-based rapper Jaz-O, Jay-Z began recording music in the late 1980s. He co-founded Roc-A-Fella Records in 1994 to release his first two studio albums, Reasonable Doubt (1996) and In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 (1997), both of which were critically acclaimed. His 11 subsequent albums, including The Blueprint (2001), The Black Album (2003), American Gangster (2007), and 4:44 (2017), have each debuted atop the Billboard 200. Jay-Z has a total of 14 number-one albums on the chart, the third-most in history. He topped the Billboard Hot 100 on four occasions: once as a lead artist with his 2009 single "Empire State of Mind" (with Alicia Keys), and three times with his guest performances on the singles "Heartbreaker" (1999) by Mariah Carey, "Crazy in Love" (2003) by Beyoncé, and "Umbrella" (2007) by Rihanna.
Jay-Z served as president and chief executive officer of Def Jam Recordings from 2004 to 2007, during which time he helped launch the careers of acts including Kanye West, Rihanna, and Ne-Yo. He co-founded Rocawear, a clothing retailer, in 1999, and founded the 40/40 Club, a luxury bar chain, in 2003. As both grew into multi-million-dollar businesses, he launched Roc Nation, a multi-disciplinary entertainment agency, in 2008. In 2015, he acquired the technology company Aspiro and led the expansion of its media streaming service Tidal. Through his business ventures, Jay-Z became the first hip-hop billionaire in 2019. After Block, Inc. (then Square, Inc.) acquired a majority stake in Tidal in March 2021, Jay-Z joined its board of directors.
One of the best-selling music artists with 125 million records sold, Jay-Z has won 25 Grammy Awards, the eighth-most of all time and the second-most of any hip-hop artist. He is the recipient of the NAACP's President's Award and four Emmy Awards (including three Primetime Emmy Awards), in addition to being nominated for a Tony Award. Jay-Z was the first rapper to be inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the eighth hip-hop act to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Time named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013.

Title: 2026 FIFA World Cup
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2026_FIFA_World_Cup
Excerpt: The 2026 FIFA World Cup was the 23rd FIFA World Cup, the quadrennial international men's soccer championship contested by the national teams of the member associations of FIFA. The tournament began on June 11, 2026, and concluded on July 19 with Spain winning the championship for the second time. It was jointly hosted by 16 cities—11 in the United States, 3 in Mexico, and 2 in Canada. The tournament was the first FIFA World Cup to be hosted by three countries and the first to include 48 teams, an expansion from the previous 32-team format.
The 2026 tournament was the second World Cup to be hosted by multiple nations, after the 2002 edition. Mexico became the first country to host the World Cup three times, having hosted the 1970 and 1986 tournaments. The United States previously hosted the World Cup in 1994, while it was Canada's first time hosting the tournament. The event returned to its traditional June–July schedule after the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, which was uniquely held in November and December to avoid Qatar's extreme summer heat. Canada, Mexico, and the United States qualified automatically as hosts, while Cape Verde, Curaçao, Jordan, and Uzbekistan made their World Cup debuts.
For the first time in the tournament's history, the top four teams from the FIFA Men's World Ranking at the time of the contest (Argentina, Spain, France, and England) advanced to the semifinals. Spain won the final against defending champion Argentina 1–0 after extra time, winning its second title and first since 2010. Spain also made history by being the first nation to become the reigning champion for both the men's and women's World Cups, and the first team to win the World Cup while conceding only one goal during the tournament. France captain Kylian Mbappé won his second consecutive Golden Boot for scoring the most goals (10) during the tournament. He became the all-time leading goalscorer at the World Cup and the first player to win multiple World Cup Golden Boots. The average number of goals per match in the tournament was 2.96, the highest since the 1970 edition.
Spain captain Rodri won the Golden Ball as the best player of the tournament. Unai Simón won the Golden Glove as the tournament's best goalkeeper, while Pau Cubarsí won the Young Player Award as the tournament's best young player. Nearly 7 million people attended matches during the tournament, surpassing the 1994 edition to set a new record for the highest attendance in World Cup history. The 2026 World Cup reportedly generated a record $15 billion in revenue.

Title: Doja Cat
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doja_Cat
Excerpt: Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini (born October 21, 1995), known professionally as Doja Cat ( DOH-jə), is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. Regarded as the "Queen of Pop-Rap", she is known for her musical versatility, live performing skills and humorous internet presence. Billboard named her "one of the world's biggest pop stars" and "one of the defining pop stars of this era", and Time listed her as one of the world's most influential people in 2023.
Doja Cat first gained attention in 2012 with her song "So High", which was independently published on SoundCloud, later leading to a commercial release and the independent release of her debut extended play, Purrr! (2014). After signing a recording contract with Kemosabe and RCA Records, she released her debut studio album, Amala (2018), which featured her viral single "Mooo!". Her second studio album, Hot Pink (2019), spawned the single "Say So", which became her first to top the US Billboard Hot 100. Her third studio album, Planet Her (2021), produced a string of top-ten hits, including "Kiss Me More", "Need to Know", and "Woman", and won her a Grammy Award. Her fourth studio album, Scarlet (2023), adopted a hip-hop-oriented sound and was led by her second US number-one single, "Paint the Town Red", while her fifth album, Vie (2025), marked a return to her pop roots.
Doja Cat is one of the best-selling female rappers of all time, with over 34 million records sold between 2018 and 2022. In 2024, Billboard ranked her as the 24th top woman artist and 2nd female rapper of the 21st century—five years after her first charted record (2019). Since 2020, she has won hundreds of accolades, including a Grammy Award from 19 nominations, six Billboard Music Awards, five American Music Awards, six MTV Video Music Awards and eight iHeartRadio Music Awards.

Title: On the Street
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/On_the_Street
Excerpt: "On the Street" (stylized in lowercase) is a song by South Korean rapper J-Hope of BTS and American rapper J. Cole. It was released as a digital single through Big Hit Music on March 3, 2023. A lofi hip hop track, the song was written by J-Hope, Cole, and Pdogg, who also served as producer. Lyrically the song is an ode to J-Hope's artistic roots and the intersection of his love for street dance and hip hop. Cole's verse follows a similar theme, detailing his journey as an artist and the evolution of his craft. An accompanying music video shows J-Hope walking and dancing through the streets of New York City then in the Bowery subway station while Cole is seen standing and dancing on the rooftop of a city building.
Described as a "gift" to his fans, the single marked J-Hope's final music release before he began his mandatory military service in April 2023. A solo version of the song without Cole was released in March 2024, as part of J-Hope's first extended play Hope on the Street Vol. 1 (2024).

Title: Cultural impact of Taylor Swift
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cultural_impact_of_Taylor_Swift
Excerpt: The American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift has influenced popular culture, music, and economics with her artistry, performances, image, politics, fashion, ideas, and actions, collectively referred to as the Taylor Swift effect by publications. Debuting as a 16-year-old independent singer-songwriter in 2006, Swift steadily amassed fame, success, and public curiosity in her career, becoming a global monocultural figure.
Often described by authors as the most prominent celebrity of the 21st-century, Swift is the only artist across all fields of art to have been named Person of the Year by Time. She started in country music, reshaping the genre's appeal and extending its reach to the untapped markets of Asia. She then ventured into pop, expanding the genre's perceived artistic boundaries by emphasizing emotional engagement without forfeiting chart success. Electronic, folk, and rock styles were explored in her subsequent releases, blurring music genre boundaries. Swift's expansive career has led critics to describe her as a rare combination of chart success, critical acclaim, and intense fan support, resulting in her wide impact on and beyond the music industry. She is recognized for her versatile musicality, songwriting expertise, and sharp entrepreneurial sense, as well as an American cultural symbol. She replaced the Beatles as the most covered artist of the world.  
From the end of the album era to the rise of the Internet, Swift has influenced music distribution, perception, and consumption across the 2000s, 2010s, and 2020s, and has used social media to spotlight issues within the industry and society at large. Wielding strong economic and political leverage, she prompted reforms to recording, streaming, and distribution structures for greater artists' rights, increased awareness of creative ownership in terms of masters and intellectual property, and has led the vinyl revival. Her consistent commercial success is considered unprecedented by journalists, with simultaneous achievements in album sales, digital sales, streaming, airplay, vinyl sales, record charts, and touring. Bloomberg Businessweek stated Swift is "The Music Industry", one of her many honorific sobriquets. Billboard described Swift as "an advocate, a style icon, a marketing wiz, a prolific songwriter, a pusher of visual boundaries and a record-breaking road warrior". Her album promotional cycles, known as "eras", have influenced mass media trends and culminated in the Eras Tour (2023–2024), which made its own impact.
One of the most discussed writers of the 21st-century, Swift is a subject of academic research, media studies, and cultural analysis, generally focused on concepts of poptimism, feminism, capitalism, internet culture, celebrity culture, consumerism, post-postmodernism, and other sociomusicological phenomena. Various academic institutions offer courses on her and museums have exhibited her artifacts. Scholars have attributed Swift's dominant cultural presence to her musical sensibility, artistic integrity, global engagement, intergenerational appeal, and marketing acumen. Apart from inspiring musicians, Swift has also influenced filmmakers, actors, authors, entrepreneurs, and legislators. Several journalists have used the adjective Swiftian to describe works reminiscent of Swift's. Scientists have named six animal species after her.