Title: Stockton, California
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stockton,_California
Excerpt: Stockton is a city in and the county seat of San Joaquin County, California, United States. It is the most populous city in the county, the 11th-most populous city in California and the 60th-most populous city in the U.S, with 320,804 residents at the 2020 census. The city is located on the San Joaquin River in the northern San Joaquin Valley, within California's Central Valley. It lies at the southeastern corner of a large inland river delta that isolates it from other nearby cities, such as Sacramento and the San Francisco Bay Area.
Stockton was founded by Charles Maria Weber during the California Gold Rush in 1849, after he acquired Rancho Campo de los Franceses to capitalize on its strategic location on the San Joaquin River. The city is named after famed Mexican–American War commodore Robert F. Stockton, and it was the first community in California to have a name not of Spanish or Native American origin. With the introduction of irrigation, railroad connections, and the opening of the Port of Stockton in 1933, the city developed as a logistic and commercial hub. Notable attractions in the city include the Haggin Museum and the Gurdwara Sahib of Stockton, the first Sikh house of worship established in the U.S. The University of the Pacific, chartered in 1851, is the oldest university in California and has been located in Stockton since 1923.

Title: Torrance, California
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Torrance,_California
Excerpt: Torrance is a city in the Los Angeles metropolitan area in southwestern Los Angeles County, California, United States, founded in 1912, neighboring Redondo Beach, Rolling Hills Estates, Palos Verdes Estates, Lomita, Gardena, Lawndale, and Alondra Park, as well as the Los Angeles neighborhoods of Harbor City and Harbor Gateway. The city is part of what is known as the South Bay region. 
Torrance has a moderate year-round climate with average rainfall of 12 inches (300 mm) per year. Torrance has one and a half miles (2.4 km) of beachfront abutting Santa Monica Bay and 30 parks. It is the birthplace of the American Youth Soccer Organization (AYSO). The population was 147,067 at the 2020 census, decreasing by 5.1% to an estimated 139,576 in 2024.

Title: Shaquille O'Neal
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaquille_O%27Neal
Excerpt: Shaquille Rashaun O'Neal ( shə-KEEL; born March 6, 1972), commonly known as Shaq ( SHAK), is an American former professional basketball player who is a sports analyst on the television program Inside the NBA. Nicknamed, among others, "Diesel", he is a 7-foot-1-inch (2.16 m) and 325-pound (147 kg) center who played for six teams over his 19-year career in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is a four-time NBA champion, three-time NBA Finals MVP, and the 2000 NBA MVP. O'Neal is widely regarded as one of the greatest basketball players and one of the most dominant centers in NBA history.
After playing college basketball for the LSU Tigers, O'Neal was selected by the Orlando Magic with the first overall pick in the 1992 NBA draft. He quickly became one of the best centers in the league, winning NBA Rookie of the Year in 1992–93 and leading his team to the 1995 NBA Finals. After four years with the Magic, O'Neal signed as a free agent with the Los Angeles Lakers. They won three consecutive championships in 2000, 2001, and 2002. Amid a feud between O'Neal and his teammate Kobe Bryant, O'Neal was traded to the Miami Heat in 2004, and his fourth NBA championship followed in 2006. Midway through the 2007–2008 season he was traded to the Phoenix Suns. After a season-and-a-half with the Suns, O'Neal was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2009–10 season. O'Neal played for the Boston Celtics in the 2010–11 season before retiring.
O'Neal's individual accolades include the 1999–2000 Most Valuable Player (MVP) Award; the 1992–93 NBA Rookie of the Year award; 15 All-Star Game selections, three All-Star Game MVP awards; three Finals MVP awards; two scoring titles; 14 All-NBA team selections, and three NBA All-Defensive Team selections. He is one of only three players to win NBA MVP, All-Star Game MVP and Finals MVP awards in the same year (2000); the other players are Willis Reed in 1970 and Michael Jordan in 1996 and 1998. He ranks 9th all-time in points scored, 6th in field goals, 15th in rebounds, and 8th in blocks. O'Neal was honored as one of the league's greatest players of all time by being named to the NBA 50th Anniversary Team in 1996. Due to his ability to dunk the basketball and score from close range, O'Neal also had a 58.2% career field goal percentage and led the league in field goal percentage ten times. O'Neal was elected into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2016. He was elected to the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2017. In October 2021, O'Neal was again honored as one of the league's greatest players of all time by being named to the NBA 75th Anniversary Team.
In addition to his basketball career, O'Neal has released four rap albums, with his first, Shaq Diesel, going platinum, and his second, Shaq Fu: Da Return, going gold. O'Neal is also an electronic music producer, and touring DJ, known as Diesel. He has appeared in numerous films and has starred in his own reality shows, Shaq's Big Challenge and Shaq Vs. He hosts The Big Podcast with Shaq. He was a minority owner of the Sacramento Kings from 2013 to 2022 and is the general manager of Kings Guard Gaming of the NBA 2K League. He is also the general manager of the Sacramento State Hornets men's basketball team.

Title: Dan Severn
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dan_Severn
Excerpt: Daniel DeWayne Severn (born June 8, 1958), nicknamed "the Beast", is an American retired professional wrestler, mixed martial artist and amateur wrestler. A UFC Hall of Fame member, Severn is considered one of the leading pioneers of mixed martial arts and the first true world-class wrestler to compete in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). He is best known for his success in the early years of the UFC where he became the first UFC Triple Crown champion in history by winning the UFC 5 tournament, Ultimate Ultimate 1995, and UFC Superfight Championship. Severn has also competed in the International Vale Tudo Championship (IVC), Pride Fighting Championships, Fighting Network Rings, World Extreme Cagefighting (WEC), King of the Cage, Maximum Fighting Championship (MFC) and Cage Rage, and holds a professional MMA record of 101–19–7.
In professional wrestling, Severn is a two-time world champion by winning the NWA World's Heavyweight Championship twice, with his first reign lasting for over four years, and an NWA Hall of Fame member. During his almost year-long tenure with the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE), he was managed by Jim Cornette. He is the first man to compete in UFC and WWF at the same time and held the NWA and UFC championships at the same time. Severn is a world record holder for holding 13 championships. He is also the only person to be honored by the George Tragos/Lou Thesz Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame three times.
In amateur wrestling, Severn was a two time All-American at Arizona State University and a U.S. Olympic Team alternate.

Title: List of converts to Islam
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_converts_to_Islam
Excerpt: Many people converted to Islam from a different religion or no religion. The list is categorized alphabetically with their former religious affiliation, where known.
According to The New York Times, 25,000 Americans convert to Islam every year. According to The Guardian, about 5,000 British people convert to Islam every year, mostly women. According to The Jerusalem Post, in the United Kingdom and France, up to 100,000 people converted in the last decade in each country. According to Yedioth Ahronoth, Germany has up to 4,000 people convert each year.