Title: Uncle (disambiguation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_(disambiguation)
Excerpt: An uncle is a family relative and, in some cultures, is used as a term of familiarity or respect for a middle-aged or elderly man.
Uncle, UNCLE or The Uncle may also refer to:

Title: Secret Sunshine
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secret_Sunshine
Excerpt: Secret Sunshine (Korean: 밀양; RR: Miryang) is a 2007 South Korean drama film written and directed by Lee Chang-dong. The screenplay based on the short story "The Abject" by Lee Cheong-jun that focuses on a woman as she wrestles with the questions of grief, madness and faith. The Korean title "Miryang" is named after the city where the film was set and filmed; "Secret Sunshine" is the literal translation. For her performance, Jeon Do-yeon won Prix d'interprétation féminine (Best Actress) at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival. The film also won Best Film at the Asian Film Awards and the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. The film sold 1,710,364 tickets in South Korea.

Title: Jang Song-thaek
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jang_Song-thaek
Excerpt: Jang Song-thaek (January or February 1946 – 12 December 2013) was a North Korean politician. He was married to Kim Kyong-hui — the only daughter of North Korean president Kim Il Sung and his first wife Kim Jong Suk, and the only sister of North Korean general secretary Kim Jong Il. He was the uncle of the current leader of North Korea, Kim Jong Un, by marriage.
The extent of Jang Song-thaek's power and position has not been confirmed in the West. However, in 2008 South Korean government officials and academic North Korea experts suggested that he had de facto leadership over North Korea while Kim Jong Il's health was declining and when Kim subsequently died. Jang was a vice-chairman of the National Defence Commission, a position considered second only to that of the supreme leader. He is believed to have been promoted to four-star general around the time of Kim Jong Il's death in December 2011, as his first appearance in uniform was while visiting Kim lying in state. Jang was considered a "key policy adviser" to Kim Jong Un.
In December 2013, Jang was abruptly accused of being a counter-revolutionary and was stripped of all his posts and expelled from the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK). His photos were removed from official media and his image digitally removed from photos with other North Korean leaders. On 13 December, North Korean state media announced he had been executed by firing squad.

Title: Lost in Love (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lost_in_Love_(film)
Excerpt: Lost in Love (Korean: 사랑을 놓치다; RR: Sarangeul notchida) is a 2006 South Korean romantic drama film directed by Choo Chang-min. Starring Sul Kyung-gu and Song Yoon-ah, it follows the emotional paths of two college friends over their ten years of friendship.

Title: Uncle Samsik
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Samsik
Excerpt: Uncle Samsik (Korean: 삼식이 삼촌) is a 2024 South Korean television series written and directed by Shin Yeon-shick, and starring Song Kang-ho, Byun Yo-han, Lee Kyu-hyung, Jin Ki-joo, and Seo Hyun-woo. It is Song's first drama series since his debut. It was released worldwide on Disney+ and on Hulu in the USA from May 15, to June 19, 2024.