Title: Japanese literature
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_literature
Excerpt: Japanese literature throughout most of its history has been influenced by cultural contact with neighboring Asian literatures, most notably China and its literature. Early texts were often written in pure Classical Chinese or kanbun (漢文, lit. 'Chinese writing'), a style of Classical Chinese influenced by Japanese. Indian literature also had an influence through the spread of Buddhism in Japan.
During the Heian period, Japan's original kokufū culture (lit. 'national culture') developed and literature also established its own style, with the significant usage and development of kana (仮名) to write Japanese literature.
Following the end of the sakoku policy and especially during the increasing westernization of the Meiji era, Western literature has also had an influence on the development of modern Japanese writers, while Japanese literature has in turn become more recognized internationally, leading to two Japanese Nobel laureates in literature, namely Yasunari Kawabata and Kenzaburō Ōe.

Title: Homosexuality in Japan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Homosexuality_in_Japan
Excerpt: Records of men who have sex with men in Japan date back to ancient times. Western scholars have identified these as evidence of homosexuality in Japan. Though these relations had existed in Japan for millennia, they became most apparent to scholars during the Tokugawa (or Edo) period. Historical practices identified by scholars as homosexual include shudō (衆道), wakashudō (若衆道) and nanshoku (男色).
The Japanese term nanshoku (男色; which can also be read as danshoku) is the Japanese reading of the same characters in Chinese, which literally mean "male colors". The character 色 (lit. 'color') has the added meaning of "lust" in both China and Japan. This term was widely used to refer to some kind of male-to-male sex in a pre-modern era of Japan. The term shudō (衆道; abbreviated from wakashudō 若衆道, "the way of adolescent boys") is also used, especially in older works.
During the Meiji period nanshoku started to become discouraged due to the rise of sexology within Japan and the process of westernization. During the Second Sino-Japanese War and World War II the Chinese mocked and insulted Puyi and the Japanese as homosexuals and presented it as proof of their perversion and being uncivilized. The only time homosexual sodomy has been banned in Japan was for a short time in 1872–1880 due to western influence.
Modern terms for homosexuals include dōseiaisha (同性愛者, literally "same-sex-love person"), okama (お釜, "kettle"/"cauldron", 
slang interchangeably used for gay men, drag queens, gender nonconforming men and transgender women (though now seen broadly as a slur)), gei (ゲイ, gay), homo (ホモ) or homosekusharu (ホモセクシャル, "homosexual"), onabe (お鍋, "pot"/"pan", 
slang for "gay women"), bian (ビアン)/rezu (レズ) and rezubian (レズビアン, "lesbian").

Title: Woodblock printing in Japan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Woodblock_printing_in_Japan
Excerpt: Woodblock printing in Japan (木版画, mokuhanga) is a technique best known for its use in the ukiyo-e artistic genre, but it was also used for printing books in the same period. Invented in China during the Tang dynasty, woodblock printing was widely adopted in Japan during the Edo period (1603–1868). It is similar to woodcut in Western printmaking in some regards, but was widely used for text as well as images. The Japanese mokuhanga technique differs in that it uses water-based inks—as opposed to Western woodcut, which typically uses oil-based inks. Japanese water-based inks provide a wide range of vivid colors, glazes, and transparency.

Title: Ningyo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ningyo
Excerpt: Ningyo (人魚; "human fish"), is a creature with both human and fish-like features, described in various pieces of Japanese literature.
Though often translated as "mermaid", the term is technically not gender-specific and may include the "mermen". The literal translation "human-fish" has also been applied.

Title: The Life of an Amorous Woman
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Life_of_an_Amorous_Woman
Excerpt: The Life of an Amorous Woman (好色一代女, Kōshoku ichidai onna) is a Japanese short novel by Ihara Saikaku which depicts the ukiyo ("floating world") of Edo period Japan. It was first published in Osaka in 1686, consisting of six volumes each divided into four chapters. The Life of an Amorous Woman is written in the first person from the female protagonist's perspective, and shows, in contrast to Ihara's previous works, the darker and materialistic side of kōshoku ("passion").