Title: Neon Genesis Evangelion
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neon_Genesis_Evangelion
Excerpt: Neon Genesis Evangelion (Japanese: 新世紀エヴァンゲリオン, Hepburn: Shin Seiki Evangerion; lit. 'New Century Evangelion' in Japanese and lit. 'New Beginning Gospel' in Greek), also known as simply Evangelion or Eva, is a Japanese anime television series produced by Gainax and Tatsunoko Production, and directed by Hideaki Anno. It was broadcast on TV Tokyo and its affiliates from October 1995 to March 1996. The story, set in 2015, fifteen years after a worldwide cataclysm in the futuristic fortified city of Tokyo-3, follows Shinji Ikari, a teenage boy who is recruited by his father Gendo Ikari to the mysterious organization Nerv. Shinji is tasked to pilot an Evangelion, a giant biomechanical mecha, to fight and destroy beings known as Angels.
The series has been described as a deconstruction of the mecha genre; it delves into the experiences, emotions, and mental health of the Evangelion pilots and Nerv members as they are called upon to understand the ultimate cause of events and the motives behind human action. The series features archetypal imagery derived from Shinto cosmology and mystical Judeo-Christian religions and traditions, including Midrashic tales and Kabbalah. The psychoanalytic accounts of human behavior put forward by Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung are also prominently featured.
Neon Genesis Evangelion received acclaim from critics and audiences and is regarded as one of the greatest animated series of all time; however, its final two episodes drew controversy, as many viewers found the ending confusing and abstract. Gainax attributed the episodes' abstract style both to the severe time constraints imposed by the production schedule and to Anno's deliberate artistic choice. In 1997, Gainax released a remake of the last two episodes in the feature film The End of Evangelion, written and co-directed by Anno. A series of four films, Rebuild of Evangelion, retelling the events of the series with different plot elements and a new ending, were released between 2007 and 2021. Evangelion has had a profound influence on the anime industry and influenced numerous future works. Films, manga, home video releases, and other products in the franchise have achieved record sales in Japanese markets and strong sales in overseas markets, with related goods earning over ¥150 billion by 2007 and Evangelion pachinko machines generating ¥700 billion by 2015.

Title: Neon Boys
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neon_Boys
Excerpt: The Neon Boys were a short lived New York City proto-punk band, composed of Tom Verlaine, Richard Hell and Billy Ficca. The trio later went on to form the influential rock band Television in 1973; Richard Hell also went on to form the influential punk bands the Heartbreakers and Richard Hell and the Voidoids.

Title: Scene (subculture)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scene_(subculture)
Excerpt: The scene subculture is a youth subculture that emerged during the early 2000s in the United States from the pre-existing emo subculture. The subculture became popular with adolescents from the mid-2000s to the early 2010s. Members of the scene subculture are referred to as scene kids, trendies, or scenesters. Scene fashion consists of skinny jeans, bright-colored clothing, and a signature hairstyle consisting of straightened, often conspicuously dyed hair with long bangs covering the forehead. Music genres associated with the scene subculture include metalcore, crunkcore, deathcore, electronic music, and pop punk.
From the mid-2000s to early 2010s, scene fashion gained popularity among teens and the music associated with the subculture achieved commercial success in both the underground and the mainstream. Groups like Bring Me the Horizon, Asking Alexandria, Pierce the Veil, and Metro Station garnered mainstream attention and large audiences while still largely being tied to the scene subculture. In the mid-to-late 2010s, the scene subculture lost popularity; however, since 2019, there have been movements that have given it a revival.

Title: The Rosso Sisters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Rosso_Sisters
Excerpt: The Rosso Sisters was an American musical group, made up of four expatriate siblings originally from the United Kingdom: Georgina, Milly, Becky, and Lola.
The group was signed to Virgin Records's Capitol Records label in the beginning of 2014. Later that year, they opened for Demi Lovato on the South American leg of her Neon Lights Tour.
The group announced their disbandment in February 2015, due to their mother's death.

Title: Se So Neon
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Se_So_Neon
Excerpt: Se So Neon (Korean: 새소년; RR: Saesonyeon; pronounced [sɛ.so.njʌn]; commonly stylized in all caps) is a South Korean indie rock band. The band currently consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Hwang So-yoon. Since its formation in 2016, the band has released the album Now (2025), and EPs Summer Plumage (2017) and Nonadaptation (2020). In 2018, the band won the awards for Rookie of the Year and Best Rock Song at the Korean Music Awards.