Title: Hip-hop
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hip-hop
Excerpt: Hip-hop (also known as rap music or simply rap) is a genre of popular music that emerged in the early 1970s alongside an associated subculture created by African-American and Afro-Caribbean communities in New York City. The musical style is a synthesis of a wide range of techniques, but rapping is frequent enough that it has become a defining characteristic. Other key markers of the genre are the disc jockey (DJ), turntablism, scratching, beatboxing, and instrumental tracks. Cultural interchange has always been central to the hip-hop genre: It simultaneously borrows from its social environment while commenting on it.
The hip-hop genre and culture emerged from block parties in the Bronx. DJs began expanding the instrumental breaks of popular records when they noticed how excited it would make the crowds. The extended breaks provided a platform for break dancers and rappers. These breakbeats enabled the subsequent evolution of the hip-hop style. Many of the records used were disco due to its popularity at the time. This disco-inflected music was originally known as disco rap and later described as "old-school hip-hop".
In the mid-1980s, hip-hop began to diversify as electro music started to inform the genre's new school. The period between the mid-1980s and mid-1990s became known as hip-hop's "golden age", as the genre earned widespread critical acclaim and generated massive sales. Across the United States, several regional scenes emerged, most notably on the East and West Coasts, as well as in the South, which included the Houston, Atlanta and Memphis rap scenes. This era saw the emergence of popular styles such as G-funk, boom bap and gangsta rap, as well as more experimental genres like alternative hip-hop and jazz rap, which stemmed from the Native Tongues movement, alongside progressive and conscious hip-hop.
In the late 1990s to mid-2000s, the popularity of hip-hop further expanded with the club-oriented "bling era". The late 2000s and early 2010s saw the rise of the "blog era" and Internet rap, with young artists using the Internet to cultivate a following. In the mid-to-late 2010s, trap music and Soundcloud rap surged in popularity, which led to several commercially successful artists. In 2017, hip-hop became the bestselling genre of popular music in the United States and had also developed its own regional variations around the world.

Title: Trap music
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trap_music
Excerpt: Trap music, also known simply as trap, is a subgenre of hip-hop music that originated in the Southern United States. Lyrical references to trap began appearing in 1991, while the modern sound of trap emerged in 1999. The genre takes its name from the Atlanta term "trap house", a drug house. Trap music features simple, rhythmic, and minimalistic production that uses synthesized drums. It is characterized by drum beats with complex hi-hats, snare drums, and bass drums, some of which are tuned with a long decay to emit a bass frequency, originally from the Roland TR-808 drum machine.
Pioneers of the genre include producers DJ Spanish Fly, DJ Paul & Juicy J, Kurtis Mantronik, Mannie Fresh, Shawty Redd, Fatboi, Zaytoven, DJ Screw, and DJ Toomp, along with rappers T.I., 2 Chainz, Jeezy, and Gucci Mane. The style was popularized by producer Lex Luger, who produced the influential Waka Flocka Flame album Flockaveli in 2010 and co-founded the prolific hip-hop production team 808 Mafia.
Trap became mainstream in the 2010s and has since become one of the most popular forms of American music. Drake, Kendrick Lamar, Future, Playboi Carti, 21 Savage, Migos, Lil Uzi Vert, Post Malone, XXXTentacion, Roddy Ricch, Young Thug, DaBaby, and Travis Scott have all reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 with songs made in the trap genre. Trap has influenced pop and contemporary R&B artists, including Ariana Grande, Beyoncé, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna, the Weeknd, and Sabrina Carpenter. It has also influenced reggaetón and K-pop. In 2018, hip-hop became the most popular form of music for the first time ever, according to Nielsen Data, coinciding with the rise in popularity of trap. In 2019, trap-influenced hits such as Ariana Grande's "7 Rings" spent eight weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, while the country trap song "Old Town Road" by Lil Nas X (featuring Billy Ray Cyrus) broke the record for the most weeks spent at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and became the fastest song to receive a Diamond certification.
Since the late 2010s and early 2020s, the rage subgenre of trap has emerged, spearheaded by Playboi Carti, Lil Uzi Vert, Trippie Redd, and Yeat.

Title: Cloud rap
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cloud_rap
Excerpt: Cloud rap (also known as trillwave) is a subgenre of hip-hop that emerged from the Southern hip-hop scene in the late 2000s to early 2010s. The style draws influences from trap, ambient and new age music to create a hazy, dreamlike, atmospheric and relaxed production style through the extensive use of reverb and ethereal chopped samples. It was originally pioneered by artists and producers such as Lil B, Clams Casino, Friendzone, Main Attrakionz, Viper, Metro Zu and SpaceGhostPurrp.
In 2010, music blogger Walker 'Walkmasterflex' Chambliss who co-founded the blog Space Age Hustle, coined the term "cloud rap" to describe the music of Main Attrakionz member Squadda B. The term was further popularized with their compilation album 3 Years Ahead: The Cloud Rap Tape. In 2011, the genre grew in popularity with the release of ASAP Rocky's debut single "Peso," followed by "Purple Swag" and his debut mixtape, Live. Love. ASAP, which saw production credits from Clams Casino and Friendzone, as well as features from Main Attrakionz and SpaceGhostPurrp.
In 2013, Yung Lean released the single "Ginseng Strip 2002" which went viral online, further popularizing the style. His collective Sad Boys gained prominence in the cloud rap scene. Other notable artists such as Bones, Xavier Wulf, Chris Travis, Night Lovell and Black Kray would become prominent figures in the scene. Cloud rap influenced several internet rap genres such as emo rap, digicore, hexD, jerk, rage and sigilkore.

Title: Mumble rap
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mumble_rap
Excerpt: Mumble rap (also known as non-lyrical rap) is a loosely defined style and era of hip-hop that emerged and proliferated via the online audio distribution platform SoundCloud during the mid-to-late 2010s. The term originated as a pejorative used to describe a vocal style characterized by unclear or incoherent enunciation, often described as "mumbling", which represented a shift away from traditional hip-hop conventions centered around complex or meaningful lyricism, and instead emphasizing other aspects of delivery like melody, mood, and tone. 
While "mumble rap" originated as a pejorative, some have reappropriated the label, with various critics and artists defending the style as a new phase in the evolution of hip-hop.

Title: Phonk
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phonk
Excerpt: Phonk ( ) is a subgenre of hip hop that emerged in the early 2010s in the United States. The term was coined and popularized by American rapper and record producer SpaceGhostPurrp. The genre is characterized by its use of Memphis rap-inspired vocals, chopped and screwed production techniques, and samples from early 1990s hip hop, often incorporating elements from jazz and funk.   
Phonk draws influence from Southern hip-hop artists such as DJ Screw, Three 6 Mafia, Tommy Wright III and DJ Spanish Fly. During the early 2010s, a number of underground artists contributed to a revival of Memphis rap aesthetics which later became associated with phonk such as SpaceGhostPurrp's collective Raider Klan members Denzel Curry, Xavier Wulf and Amber London, along with rapper Lil Ugly Mane and producer DJ Smokey.  
In the late 2010s, a subgenre known as "drift phonk" emerged in Russia, characterized by faster tempos, prominent cowbell patterns, and aggressive basslines. The style gained popularity through social media platforms such as TikTok, where it became conflated with the original phonk sound. By the mid-2020s, Brazilian styles such as "funk automotivo" became synonymous with the original genre and popular online.