Title: Ich bin ein Berliner
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ich_bin_ein_Berliner
Excerpt: "Ich bin ein Berliner" (German pronunciation: [ɪç bɪn ʔaɪn bɛʁˈliːnɐ]; "I Am a Berliner") is a speech by United States president John F. Kennedy given on June 26, 1963, in West Berlin. It is one of the best-known speeches of the Cold War and among the most famous anti-communist speeches. The speech is considered one of Kennedy's finest, delivered at the height of the Cold War and the New Frontier.
Twenty-two months earlier, East Germany had erected the Berlin Wall to prevent mass emigration to West Berlin. The speech was aimed as much at the Soviet Union as it was at West Berliners. Another phrase in the speech was also spoken in German, "Lasst sie nach Berlin kommen" ("Let them come to Berlin"), addressed at those who claimed "we can work with the Communists", a remark at which Nikita Khrushchev scoffed only days later.
Speaking to an audience of 120,000 on the steps of Rathaus Schöneberg, Kennedy said,

Two thousand years ago, the proudest boast was civis Romanus sum ["I am a Roman citizen"]. Today, in the world of freedom, the proudest boast is "Ich bin ein Berliner!"... All free men, wherever they may live, are citizens of Berlin, and therefore, as a free man, I take pride in the words "Ich bin ein Berliner!"
For decades, competing claims about the origins of the "Ich bin ein Berliner" overshadowed the history of the speech. In 2008, historian Andreas Daum provided a comprehensive explanation, based on archival sources and interviews with contemporaries and witnesses. He highlighted the authorship of Kennedy himself and his 1962 speech in New Orleans as a precedent, and demonstrated that by straying from the prepared script in Berlin, Kennedy created the climax of an emotionally charged political performance, which became a hallmark of the Cold War epoch.
There is a widespread misconception that Kennedy accidentally said that he was a Berliner, a type of German doughnut. This is an urban legend which emerged two decades after the speech, and it is not true that residents of Berlin in 1963 would have mainly understood the word "Berliner" to refer to a jelly doughnut or that the audience laughed at Kennedy's use of this expression – if nothing else because this type of doughnut is called "Pfannkuchen" (literally: Pan cake) in Berlin and the word "Berliner" is only used outside Berlin.

Title: ASEAN
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ASEAN
Excerpt: The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN, ) is an intergovernmental forum of all 11 states in Southeast Asia. ASEAN primarily focuses on Southeast Asian economic development, peaceful coexistence and adherence to international norms. ASEAN operates on the principle of consensus and respecting national sovereignty, meaning that ASEAN as a whole cannot force another member state to change its domestic laws.
ASEAN has a population of more than 680 million people and a purchasing power parity-adjusted gross domestic product (GDP) of around 6.3% global GDP. ASEAN member states represent a diverse set of economies: the least developed countries like Laos, to emerging economies like Vietnam, to developed economies like Singapore. Many Southeast Asian projects have originated from decentralised initiatives between member states, such as the ASEAN Power Grid, ASEAN Free Trade Area, ASEAN Integrated QR Code Payment System, or the mutual ASEAN visa-free policies. Every two years, it organises a sporting event to promote cultural exchange known as SEA Games.
ASEAN has strong ties with East Asian and South Asian countries. It has a vested interest in the security of the South China Sea and the greater Indo-Pacific region. In terms of diplomacy, ASEAN operates on a principle of centrality, meaning that all concerns from other countries or organisations about Southeast Asia should be routed to ASEAN instead of individual states. All Southeast Asian countries, many great powers, and international organisations have dedicated diplomatic presence near ASEAN headquarters in Jakarta.
The roots of ASEAN came from the ASEAN Declaration signed by five Southeast Asian countries in 1967. Originally, ASEAN was founded to contain communism, but gradually ASEAN was reoriented to focus on economic development and prevent foreign interference in Southeast Asia as a whole. As ASEAN expanded and admitted other countries, the member states eventually signed a binding ASEAN Charter in 2008. As of 2026, ASEAN are currently dealing with many threats, such as the worsening civil war in Myanmar, territorial disputes in the South China Sea and managing US–China tensions. Nevertheless, it is widely considered to be a successful example of regional collaboration, and its emphasis on de facto standards is seen as an opposite to the legal nature of the European Union.

Title: Juana Inés de la Cruz
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Juana_In%C3%A9s_de_la_Cruz
Excerpt: Juana Inés de Asbaje y Ramírez de Santillana, better known as Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz  (12 November 1648 – 17 April 1695), was a Hieronymite nun and a Novohispanic writer, philosopher, composer and poet of the Baroque period, nicknamed "The Tenth Muse", "The Mexican Phoenix", and "The Phoenix of America" by her contemporary critics. She was also a student of science. She was among the main contributors to the Spanish Golden Age, alongside Juan Ruiz de Alarcón and Garcilaso de la Vega "el Inca", and is considered one of the most important female writers in Spanish language literature and Mexican literature. 
Sor Juana has been significant to many communities across time, having been presented as a candidate for Catholic sainthood; a symbol of Mexican nationalism; and a paragon of freedom of speech, women's rights, and sexual diversity,

Title: Women in law
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Women_in_law
Excerpt: Women in the legal profession and related occupations include lawyers (also called barristers, advocates, solicitors, attorneys or legal counselors), paralegals, prosecutors (also called District Attorneys or Crown Prosecutors), judges, legal scholars (including feminist legal theorists), law professors and law school deans.

Title: List of Non-Summit episodes (2016)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Non-Summit_episodes_(2016)
Excerpt: Non-Summit (Korean: 비정상회담) is a South Korean talk-variety show, part of JTBC's Monday night lineup. The show aired from July 7, 2014 to December 4, 2017.