Title: Chang Apana
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chang_Apana
Excerpt: Chang Apana (December 26, 1871 – December 8, 1933; traditional Chinese: 鄭阿平; simplified Chinese: 郑阿平; pinyin: Zhèng Āpíng) was a Chinese-Hawaiian detective of the Honolulu Police Department. He was acknowledged by Earl Derr Biggers as the inspiration for his fictional Chinese-American detective character, Charlie Chan.

Title: Uncle (disambiguation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_(disambiguation)
Excerpt: An uncle is a family relative and, in some cultures, is used as a term of familiarity or respect for a middle-aged or elderly man.
Uncle, UNCLE or The Uncle may also refer to:

Title: Kwai Chang Caine
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kwai_Chang_Caine
Excerpt: Kwai Chang Caine (Chinese: 虔官昌; pinyin: Qián Guānchāng) is a fictional character and the protagonist of the ABC 1972–1975 action-adventure western television series Kung Fu. He has been portrayed by David Carradine as an adult Caine, Keith Carradine as a younger Caine, Radames Pera as the child Caine, and Stephen Manley as the youngest Caine.
In late 19th-century China, Kwai Chang Caine was the orphaned son of an American man and a Chinese woman. He was raised in a Shaolin Monastery in Henan Province and was trained by the monks to be a Shaolin master. The audience follows his adventures as he travels to the American Old West (armed only with his skill in martial arts) as he seeks his half-brother, Danny Caine. Although it was his intention to find his brother Danny in a way that would escape notice, the demands of his training as a priest in addition to his sense of social responsibility, instilled within him during his childhood, forced Caine to repeatedly come into the open to fight for justice. He would then leave his new surroundings to continue his search for anonymity and security.
In the Shaolin arts, monks live in temples and most stay their entire lives. Once they become masters and leave the temple, they are referred to as "priests". In real-world Shaolin, both monks and priests shave their heads and some remain celibate. However, Caine grew his hair long and occasionally had intimate relations with women in the series.

Title: List of Jackie Chan Adventures characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Jackie_Chan_Adventures_characters
Excerpt: This is a list of characters from the animated television series Jackie Chan Adventures.

Title: List of Community characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Community_characters
Excerpt: Community is an American television sitcom created by Dan Harmon that ran for 110 episodes. The show, set at the fictional Greendale Community College, depicts the on-campus exploits of a close-knit study group. In the pilot, the main cast members are Joel McHale, Gillian Jacobs, Danny Pudi, Yvette Nicole Brown, Alison Brie, Donald Glover, and Chevy Chase. Ken Jeong joined the main cast starting with the second episode, and Jim Rash was promoted to the main cast at the start of the third season. John Oliver, Jonathan Banks, Paget Brewster, and Keith David also played major roles throughout their stints while not actually being credited among the main cast. The series also features recurring characters, mainly fellow students or teachers at Greendale.