Title: Jay-Z
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jay-Z
Excerpt: Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4, 1969), known professionally as Jay-Z, is an American rapper, businessman, and record executive. In 2023, Billboard and Vibe ranked him as the greatest rapper of all time. Rooted in East Coast hip-hop, Jay-Z is known for his complex lyricism that often uses double entendres, wordplay, and braggadocio—built on a rags to riches narrative. According to Forbes, he is the wealthiest music artist in history, worth an estimated US$2.8 billion as of 2026.
A protégé of fellow New York City-based rapper Jaz-O, Jay-Z began recording music in the late 1980s. He co-founded Roc-A-Fella Records in 1994 to release his first two studio albums, Reasonable Doubt (1996) and In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 (1997), both of which were critically acclaimed. His 11 subsequent albums, including The Blueprint (2001), The Black Album (2003), American Gangster (2007), and 4:44 (2017), have each debuted atop the Billboard 200. Jay-Z has a total of 14 number-one albums on the chart, the third-most in history. He topped the Billboard Hot 100 on four occasions: once as a lead artist with his 2009 single "Empire State of Mind" (with Alicia Keys), and three times with his guest performances on the singles "Heartbreaker" (1999) by Mariah Carey, "Crazy in Love" (2003) by Beyoncé, and "Umbrella" (2007) by Rihanna.
Jay-Z served as president and chief executive officer of Def Jam Recordings from 2004 to 2007, during which time he helped launch the careers of acts including Kanye West, Rihanna, and Ne-Yo. He co-founded Rocawear, a clothing retailer, in 1999, and founded the 40/40 Club, a luxury bar chain, in 2003. As both grew into multi-million-dollar businesses, he launched Roc Nation, a multi-disciplinary entertainment agency, in 2008. In 2015, he acquired the technology company Aspiro and led the expansion of its media streaming service Tidal. Through his business ventures, Jay-Z became the first hip-hop billionaire in 2019. After Block, Inc. (then Square, Inc.) acquired a majority stake in Tidal in March 2021, Jay-Z joined its board of directors.
One of the best-selling music artists with 125 million records sold, Jay-Z has won 25 Grammy Awards, the eighth-most of all time and the second-most of any hip-hop artist. He is the recipient of the NAACP's President's Award and four Emmy Awards (including three Primetime Emmy Awards), in addition to being nominated for a Tony Award. Jay-Z was the first rapper to be inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the eighth hip-hop act to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Time named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013.

Title: That's What I Like (Bruno Mars song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/That%27s_What_I_Like_(Bruno_Mars_song)
Excerpt: "That's What I Like" is a song by American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars from his third studio album, 24K Magic (2016). The song was written by Mars, Philip Lawrence, Christopher Brody Brown, James Fauntleroy, Johnathan Yip, Ray Romulus, Jeremy Reeves, and Ray McCullough II. The former three produced the song under the name of Shampoo Press & Curl with the latter four, as the Stereotypes, co-producing it. Atlantic Records released the song to Hot AC radio in the United States on January 30, 2017, as the second single from the album. The song is a hip hop soul, pop, and R&B track. The song's lyrics address extravagance, a luxurious lifestyle, and love.
"That's What I Like" received mixed reviews; some music critics considered the song to be one of the best on 24K Magic, while others criticized its lyrical content. The song was a commercial success in the US, where it peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100; it reached number three in Canada and number four in New Zealand. It has been certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), nine-times platinum by Recorded Music NZ (RMNZ) and diamond platinum by Music Canada (MC). The song was also certified diamond by the Syndicat national de l'édition phonographique (SNEP). It is the highest-charting single in the US from the album and was the world's fourth-best-selling digital single of 2017. It sold 9.7 million units, ranking among the best-selling singles worldwide.
The accompanying music video, which was directed by Jonathan Lia and Mars, depicts the latter reciting the song's lyrics and combines choreography with black-and-white animation. Mars performed the song on awards shows such as the 2017 Grammy Awards and the 2017 Brit Awards, and included it on his 24K Magic World Tour (2017–2018) and Bruno Mars Live (2020-2022). It received several nominations and awards, winning Song of the Year at the 2017 Soul Train Music Awards, as well as Song of the Year, Best R&B Song, and Best R&B Performance at the 2018 Grammy Awards. The song has been covered by various singers.

Title: Daniel Caesar
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Caesar
Excerpt: Ashton Dumar Norwill Simmonds (born April 5, 1995), known professionally as Daniel Caesar, is a Canadian singer and songwriter. After independently building a following through the release of two EPs, Praise Break (2014) and Pilgrim's Paradise (2015), Caesar released his debut studio album, Freudian, in 2017, which received three Grammy Award nominations, winning for the collaboration with American singer H.E.R. "Best Part". In 2019 he released his second studio album, Case Study 01, longlisted for the 2020 Polaris Music Prize.
In 2021 Caesar featured alongside Giveon on Justin Bieber's single "Peaches", his first number-one song on the US Billboard Hot 100, and receiving four nominations at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards. In 2023 Caesar published his third studio album, Never Enough through Republic Records, winning his second Juno Award. In 2025, Caesar released his fourth studio album Son of Spergy, which became his third top-ten album on the Billboard Canadian Albums and first on the Billboard 200.
Through his career, Caesar has collaborated with several artists, including Brandy, Kali Uchis, Ty Dolla Sign, Summer Walker, Common, Omar Apollo, Bon Iver, and has written songs for Mary J. Blige, SZA, Tyler, the Creator, Shawn Mendes and Kanye West. He was also awarded with a total of four Juno Awards, two Soul Train Music Awards, a MTV Video Music Awards and an ASCAP Awards.

Title: Leave the Door Open
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leave_the_Door_Open
Excerpt: "Leave the Door Open" is the debut single by the American superduo Silk Sonic, consisting of Bruno Mars and Anderson .Paak, from their studio album An Evening with Silk Sonic (2021). The song was written by the artists alongside Brody Brown and Dernst "D'Mile" Emile II, who produced it with Mars. It was released on March 5, 2021, by Aftermath Entertainment and Atlantic Records for digital download and streaming. A Philadelphia soul, R&B, and pop song, it is influenced by quiet storm. The lyrics are humorous and describe a "detailed erotic invitation".
"Leave the Door Open" received widespread critical acclaim, with many critics praising both singers' vocals, as well as the song's composition. The song was a commercial success as it topped various charts. In the United States, the track reached the top spot of the Billboard Hot 100 and the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and was certified two times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Furthermore, it also peaked at number one in Israel, Malaysia, and New Zealand. The song entered the top ten of several countries such as Australia, Belgium, Canada, and Portugal. It was certified diamond by the Syndicat national de l'édition phonographique (SNEP), five times platinum by Recorded Music New Zealand (RMNZ) and by Music Canada (MC).
The accompanying music video, directed by Florent Dechard and Mars, was released along with the song. It depicts Mars and .Paak, as Silk Sonic, performing the song in a vintage studio as several women dance to it. To promote "Leave the Door Open", Silk Sonic performed it at the 63rd Annual Grammy Awards. The song was praised for its simplicity and the performance was compared to a 70s Soul Train telecast. The duo also performed the song at the BET Awards 2021 and 2021 iHeartRadio Music Awards. The song received several nominations and awards, winning Song of the Year at the 2021 Soul Train Music Awards, as well as Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best R&B Performance, and Best R&B Song at the 64th Grammy Awards.

Title: "Slut!"
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22Slut!%22
Excerpt: "'Slut!'" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, who wrote and produced it with Jack Antonoff and Patrik Berger. The song was intended for but ultimately left out of Swift's fifth studio album, 1989 (2014). Following a 2019 dispute regarding ownership of Swift's masters, the song was produced for Swift's re-recording of 1989, titled 1989 (Taylor's Version) (2023). "'Slut!'" was released for streaming and download on October 27, 2023, via Republic Records; the same day, Universal Music released the song to Italian radio as the re-recorded album's lead-single. An acoustic version was released for limited-time download as part of a deluxe digital release of the album.
"'Slut!'" is a 1980s-inspired mid-tempo synth-pop song incorporating soft synthesizers, electronic elements, and gentle vocals. The lyrics are about embracing a romance in spite of public scrutiny. Music critics interpreted the title as a reference to the slut-shaming Swift had experienced; they gave the song positive reviews, with praise focusing on the production and the playful lyrics. Commercially, "'Slut!'" peaked at number three on both the Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Hot 100 and reached the top 10 on charts in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, Singapore, and the United Kingdom.