Title: Real Irish Republican Army
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_Irish_Republican_Army
Excerpt: The Real Irish Republican Army, or Real IRA (RIRA), was a dissident Irish republican paramilitary group that aimed to bring about a United Ireland. It was formed in 1997 following a split in the Provisional IRA by dissident members, who rejected the IRA's ceasefire that year. Like the Provisional IRA before it, the Real IRA saw itself as the only rightful successor to the original Irish Republican Army and styled itself as simply "the Irish Republican Army" in English or Óglaigh na hÉireann in Irish. It was an illegal organisation in the Republic of Ireland and designated a proscribed terrorist organisation in the United Kingdom and the United States.
The Real IRA waged a campaign in Northern Ireland against the Police Service of Northern Ireland—formerly the Royal Ulster Constabulary—and the British Army. It was the largest and most active of the "dissident republican" paramilitary groups operating against the British security forces. It targeted the security forces in firearm attacks and bombings, and with grenades, mortars and rockets. 
The Real IRA was also responsible for bombings in Northern Ireland and England with the goal of causing economic harm and disruption, the most notable being the 1998 Omagh bombing, which killed 29 people. After that bombing, the Real IRA went on ceasefire, but resumed operations in 2000. In March 2009 it claimed responsibility for an attack on Massereene Barracks which killed two British soldiers, the first to be killed in Northern Ireland since 1997. The Real IRA has also been involved in attacks on drug dealers.
In July 2012, it was reported that Republican Action Against Drugs (RAAD) and other small republican militant groups were merging with the Real IRA. This new entity was named the New IRA by the media but members continue to identify themselves as simply "the Irish Republican Army". Small pockets of the Real IRA that did not merge with the New IRA continue to have a presence in the Republic of Ireland, particularly in Cork and to a lesser extent in Dublin.

Title: Warrington bombings
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Warrington_bombings
Excerpt: The Warrington bombings were two bomb attacks that took place during early 1993 in Warrington, Cheshire, England. The first attack happened on 26 February, when a bomb exploded at a gas storage facility. This first explosion caused extensive damage, but no injuries. While fleeing the scene, the bombers shot and injured a police officer and two of the bombers were caught after a high-speed car chase. The second attack happened on 20 March, when two smaller bombs exploded in litter bins outside shops and businesses on Bridge Street. Two children were killed and 56 people were injured.
The attacks were carried out by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA). From the early 1970s, the IRA had been carrying out attacks in both Northern Ireland and England with the stated goal of putting pressure on the UK Government to withdraw from Northern Ireland.

Title: List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_unsolved_murders_in_the_United_Kingdom
Excerpt: This is an incomplete list of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom. It does not include any of the 3,000 or so such murders that took place in Northern Ireland because of the Troubles or any IRA attacks that took place in England. For information about IRA attacks, see The Disappeared, list of bombings during the Troubles (contains Loyalist bombings also) and timeline of the Troubles in Britain. Victims believed or known to have been killed by the same perpetrator(s) are grouped together in the following sub-lists:

List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom (before 1970)
List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom (1970s)
List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom (1980s)
List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom (1990s)
List of unsolved murders in the United Kingdom (2000s)
List of unsolved killings in the United Kingdom (2010–present)

Title: Downing Street mortar attack
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Downing_Street_mortar_attack
Excerpt: The Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) launched three homemade mortar shells at 10 Downing Street, London, the headquarters of the British government, on 7 February 1991. The goal was to assassinate Prime Minister John Major and his war cabinet, who were meeting to discuss the Gulf War.
One of the 140 pound (64 kg) mortar shells exploded in the back garden of Number 10, a few yards from the Cabinet Office. Due to the presence of bomb-resistant windows, none of the cabinet were hurt, though four other people received minor injuries, including two Metropolitan Police officers. The other two shells overshot Downing Street and landed on a green nearby.

Title: New Irish Republican Army
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Irish_Republican_Army
Excerpt: The New Irish Republican Army, or New IRA, is an Irish republican paramilitary group. It is a continuation of the Real Irish Republican Army (Real IRA), which began to be called the 'New IRA' in July 2012 when Republican Action Against Drugs (RAAD) and other small republican militant groups merged with it. The group calls itself simply "the Irish Republican Army". The New IRA has launched many attacks against the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) and the British Army. It is the largest and most active of the "dissident republican" paramilitary groups but still much smaller than the original IRA, waging a campaign against the British security forces in Northern Ireland.