Title: Mastodon (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mastodon_(band)
Excerpt: Mastodon is an American heavy metal band from Atlanta, Georgia. Formed in 2000, the band's lineup of Troy Sanders (bass/vocals), Brent Hinds (lead guitar/vocals), Bill Kelliher (rhythm guitar/backing vocals), and Brann Dailor (drums/vocals) remained unchanged for 24 years. Hinds departed Mastodon in March 2025, and died five months later in a motorcycle accident in Atlanta, Georgia.
The band's 2002 debut album, Remission, garnered significant critical acclaim for its unique sound. Mastodon's second full-length release, Leviathan, is a concept album based on the novel Moby-Dick by Herman Melville. Three magazines awarded the record "Album of the Year" in 2004: Revolver, Kerrang! and Terrorizer. The song "Colony of Birchmen" from the band's third album (released in 2006), Blood Mountain, was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Metal Performance in 2007. Blood Mountain was followed in 2009 by Crack the Skye, and in 2011 by The Hunter, which debuted at No. 10 on the Billboard 200 chart and achieved major commercial success in the United States. The Hunter features the song "Curl of the Burl", which was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance in 2012.
Mastodon's 2014 album Once More 'Round the Sun peaked at No. 6 on the Billboard 200 chart and features the band's third Grammy-nominated song, "High Road". The band's seventh album, Emperor of Sand, was released in 2017 and features the band's most commercially successful song to date, "Show Yourself", which peaked at No. 4 on the US Billboard Mainstream Rock Songs chart. The album's opening track, "Sultan's Curse", earned the band its first Grammy Award. Emperor of Sand was also the band's first album to receive a Grammy nomination; it was nominated for Best Rock Album. Mastodon's last album with Hinds, Hushed and Grim, was released in 2021. The most recent Mastodon album, Marrow Deep, was released in August 2026.
Mastodon has released nine studio albums and numerous other releases. In 2016, the staff of Loudwire named them the 20th-best metal band of all time.

Title: Baroness (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baroness_(band)
Excerpt: Baroness is an American heavy metal band from Savannah, Georgia that has been active since 2003. Its early members grew up together in Lexington, Virginia. The band has undergone numerous lineup changes, with frontman John Baizley serving as the sole constant throughout. Baizley creates the artwork for all of the group's albums and has done artwork for other bands.

Title: First (Baroness EP)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_(Baroness_EP)
Excerpt: First is the debut extended play by American heavy metal band Baroness. The artwork was done by Baroness frontman John Baizley.

Title: John Dyer Baizley
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Dyer_Baizley
Excerpt: John Dyer Baizley (born October 10, 1977) is an American musician and painter most notable for being the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of heavy metal band Baroness, which formed in 2003 in Savannah, Georgia. He has been the sole constant member for the band throughout its run of more than two decades.
Baizley has achieved critical praise for his artworks, some of which have been incorporated into album art or T-shirts for artists such as Kvelertak, Kylesa, Pig Destroyer, Darkest Hour, Daughters, Skeletonwitch, Torche, Cursed, Black Tusk, Vitamin X, Flight of the Conchords, The Red Chord, Gillian Welch, Metallica, and his own band, Baroness.

Title: Baroness discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baroness_discography
Excerpt: The discography of American heavy metal band Baroness consists of six studio albums, one compilation album, four extended plays (EPs), thirteen singles, two splits, and fourteen music videos. Formed in Savannah, Georgia in 2003, the group was originally composed of vocalist and guitarist John Baizley, guitarist Tim Loose, bassist Summer Welch and drummer Allen Blickle. Signed to Hyperrealist Records, the band released their first two EPs, titled First and Second, in 2004 and 2005, respectively. The split album A Grey Sigh in a Flower Husk – featuring two tracks by Baroness and four by fellow Savannah-based band Unpersons – was released in June 2007. After Loose was replaced by guitarist Brian Blickle, the band released its debut full-length studio album, Red Album, through Relapse Records in September 2007.
A second lineup change followed in September 2008, when Blickle left the band after three years and was replaced by guitarist and vocalist Pete Adams. The first two Baroness EPs were reissued together as the compilation album First & Second in October 2008. The group's second album, Blue Record, was released in October 2009. Blue Record was the band's first release to chart, reaching number 117 on the US Billboard 200 and topping the Heatseekers Albums chart. Welch left Baroness in late 2011 and was replaced in 2012 by bassist Matt Maggioni, although the bass parts on the group's third album were performed by Baizley. Yellow & Green, released in July 2012, reached number 30 on the Billboard 200. Lead single "Take My Bones Away" registered at number 38 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart and 35 on the Active Rock chart, while March to the Sea reached 37 on the Active Rock chart.
In August 2012, while on tour to promote Yellow & Green, Baroness were involved in a bus crash which resulted in injuries that hospitalized Baizley, Blickle and Maggioni. The band canceled the remaining concerts and spent months recovering. Shortly after the group announced they would return to touring, it was revealed that Blickle and Maggioni were leaving Baroness. The departed members were replaced by drummer Sebastian Thomson and bassist Nick Jost. Baroness released its fourth album, Purple, in December 2015 through their own record label, Abraxan Hymns. The album reached number 70 on the Billboard 200, while the single "Shock Me" registered at number 28 on the Mainstream Rock chart and earned a Grammy nomination at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.
In 2017, Pete Adams left Baroness and was replaced by guitarist and vocalist Gina Gleason. The band released its fifth album, Gold & Grey, to critical acclaim in June 2019. The album peaked at 39 on the Billboard 200. Baroness' self-produced sixth album, Stone, was released in September 2023. Stone debuted at 115 on the Billboard 200, while the single "Last Word" appeared at 12 on Billboard's LyricFind U.S. chart.