Title: List of heads of government of Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_heads_of_government_of_Norway
Excerpt: This is a list of heads of government of Norway. In the modern era, the head of government has the title prime minister (Norwegian: Statsminister). At various times in the past, the highest governmental title has included steward (Norwegian: Rigsstatholder), viceroy (Norwegian: Vicekonge) and first minister (Norwegian: Førstestatsraad)
Until 1873, the king of the personal union between Sweden and Norway governed Norway through two cabinets: one in Stockholm and another in Christiania (now Oslo). The newly created Stockholm cabinet consisted of a prime minister and two ministers, whose role was to convey the attitudes of the Christiania cabinet to the Swedish king. The cabinet in Christiania was led by a steward (Norwegian: Rigsstatholder). For brief periods, the incumbent crown prince was appointed Viceroy of Norway by the king, in which case the viceroy became the highest authority in Christiania. Whenever the king was present in Christiania, however, he assumed the highest authority, thus putting the governor or viceroy temporarily out of charge. Likewise, when there was no governor, viceroy, or king present in Christiania (which was not unusual), the cabinet was led by the first minister, who was the most prominent member of the cabinet.
In July 1873, the position of governor was abolished after being vacant since 1856. Simultaneously, the post of First Minister in Christiania was upgraded to Prime Minister of Norway. Although the office of Norwegian prime minister in Stockholm still existed, the real power and influence over state affairs was moved to the prime minister in Christiania, while prime minister in Stockholm became the second highest cabinet position, responsible for conveying the government's views to the king. When the union was dissolved in 1905, the position of prime minister in Stockholm was abolished.

Title: Venstre (Denmark)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venstre_(Denmark)
Excerpt: Venstre (Danish: [ˈvenstʁɐ], lit. 'Left', V), full name Venstre, Danmarks Liberale Parti (English: Left, Denmark's Liberal Party), is a conservative-liberal, agrarian political party in Denmark. Founded as part of a peasants' movement against the landed aristocracy, today it espouses an economically liberal, pro-free-market ideology.
Venstre is the major party of the centre-right in Denmark, and the third-largest party in the country. The party has produced many Prime Ministers. In the 2022 general elections, Venstre received 13.3% of the vote and 23 out of 179 seats. Following the resignation of Jakob Ellemann-Jensen, the party is led by Troels Lund Poulsen who serves as the country's Deputy Prime Minister. From 2022 to 2026, the party was a junior partner in the second Frederiksen government.
The party is a member of Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party (ALDE Party) and has two MEPs in the European Parliament.

Title: Danish Social Liberal Party
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Danish_Social_Liberal_Party
Excerpt: The Danish Social Liberal Party (Danish: Radikale Venstre, RV, lit. 'Radical Left') is a social-liberal and green-liberal political party in Denmark. The party was founded as a split from the Venstre Reform Party in 1905. Historically, the centrist to centre-left party has played a central role in Danish politics and has supported governments on both sides of the political spectrum, as co-operation is a primary belief of the party. A pro-European party, it is a member of Liberal International and the ALDE, and has one MEP in the Renew Europe group in the European Parliament.

Title: Liberal Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Liberal Party (Norwegian: Venstre, lit. 'Left', V; Northern Sami: Gurutbellodat) is a social liberal political party in Norway. It was founded in 1884 and is the oldest political party in Norway. The Liberal Party is positioned on the centre to centre-right of the political spectrum. It is a liberal party which has over time enacted reforms such as parliamentarism, freedom of religion, universal suffrage, and state schooling.
For most of the late 19th and early 20th century, it was Norway's largest and most dominant political party. Later, in the postwar era it lost most of its support and became a smaller party. The party has nevertheless participated in several centrist and centre-right government coalitions in the postwar era and it is aligned with the country's centre-right bloc alongside the Conservative Party, Christian Democratic Party and the Progress Party. Guri Melby has served as the party leader since 2020.
The party was founded in 1884. With support mainly from farmers and progressive members of the bourgeoisie, it was the first political party that came into existence in Norway, and was the dominant governmental party for several decades. It has always had a close relationship with the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights, which was founded in the same year by prominent Liberal Party politicians. The party has played a central role in advocating for women's suffrage in Norway. Since the 1880s the party has seen many internal schisms. A politically moderate and religious wing broke away in 1888 to form the Moderate Liberal Party and the conservative-liberal faction, including the former Prime Minister of Norway Christian Michelsen who broke away in 1909 to form the Free-minded Liberal Party (both parties eventually merged into the Conservative Party). The most notable recent schism was in 1972 when the Liberal Party decided to oppose Norwegian membership in the European Economic Community (EEC). The faction supporting membership broke away and formed the Liberal People's Party. The party has since endorsed Norwegian membership in the EU and is currently a strong proponent.

Title: Free-minded Liberal Party
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free-minded_Liberal_Party
Excerpt: The Free-minded Liberal Party (Norwegian: Frisinnede Venstre) was a political party in Norway founded in 1909 by the conservative-liberal faction of the Liberal Party. The party cooperated closely with the Conservative Party and participated in several short-lived governments, including two headed by Free-minded Prime Ministers. In the 1930s the party changed its name to the Free-minded People's Party (Norwegian: Frisinnede Folkeparti) and initiated cooperation with nationalist groups. The party contested its last election in 1936, and was not reorganised in 1945.