Title: Trivium
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trivium
Excerpt: The trivium is the lower division of the seven liberal arts and comprises grammar, logic, and rhetoric.
The trivium is implicit in De nuptiis Philologiae et Mercurii ("On the Marriage of Philology and Mercury") by Martianus Capella, but the term was not used until the Carolingian Renaissance, when it was coined in imitation of the earlier quadrivium. Grammar, logic, and rhetoric were essential to a classical education, as explained in Plato's dialogues. The three subjects together were denoted by the word trivium during the Middle Ages, but the tradition of first learning those three subjects was established in ancient Greece, by rhetoricians such as Isocrates. Contemporary iterations have taken various forms, including those found in certain British and American universities (some being part of the Classical education movement) and at the independent Oundle School in the United Kingdom.

Title: Trivium (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trivium_(band)
Excerpt: Trivium is an American heavy metal band from Orlando, Florida, formed in 1999. The band's creative core comprises three long-time members; vocalist and guitarist Matt Heafy (joined in 1999), guitarist Corey Beaulieu (joined in 2003), and bassist Paolo Gregoletto (joined in 2004). The band has changed drummers numerous times, with Alex Rüdinger becoming the most recent addition in October 2025.
The band's debut album Ember to Inferno was their only album released through Lifeforce Records in 2003. In 2004, they were signed to Roadrunner Records where they have stayed ever since. The band has released ten studio albums and over twenty singles to date. Their tenth studio album, In the Court of the Dragon, was released in 2021. The band has sold over one million albums worldwide and was nominated for a Grammy for the song "Betrayer" at the 61st Annual Grammy Awards in 2019 for Best Metal Performance.

Title: Shogun (Trivium album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shogun_(Trivium_album)
Excerpt: Shogun (将軍, Shōgun)  is the fourth studio album by American heavy metal band Trivium. The album was released worldwide on various dates between September 23, 2008, and October 1, 2008, through Roadrunner Records. It is their last release to feature original drummer Travis Smith. Work on the album is noted to have begun with producer Nick Raskulinecz in October 2007, with the band stating that they chose not to work with Jason Suecof again as they wanted to explore new ideas.
It was cited as the band's best album by Bryan Rolli of Loudwire in 2025.

Title: Trivium (disambiguation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trivium_(disambiguation)
Excerpt: The trivium is the lower division of the seven liberal arts and comprises grammar, logic, and rhetoric.
Trivium may also refer to:

Trivium (band), an American metal band from Orlando, Florida
Trivium (cipher), a synchronous stream cipher
Trivium (journal), a scientific journal

Title: In Waves (Trivium album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_Waves_(Trivium_album)
Excerpt: In Waves is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Trivium. It was released worldwide during August 2011 through Roadrunner Records and was produced by Colin Richardson and Martyn "Ginge" Ford.