Title: Apiales
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apiales
Excerpt: The Apiales are an order of flowering plants, included in the asterid group of dicotyledons. Well-known members of Apiales include carrots, celery, coriander, parsley, parsnips, poison hemlock, ginseng, ivies, and pittosporums.
Apiales consist of seven families, with the type family being the celery, carrot or parsley family, Apiaceae.

Title: Apiaceae
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apiaceae
Excerpt: Apiaceae ( ), also called Umbelliferae, is a family of mostly aromatic flowering plants named after the type genus Apium, and commonly known as the celery, carrot, or parsley family, or as umbellifers. It is the 16th-largest family of flowering plants, with more than 3,800 species in about 446 genera, including such well-known, and economically important plants as ajwain, angelica, anise, asafoetida, caraway, carrot, celery, chervil, coriander, cumin, dill, fennel, lovage, cow parsley, parsley, parsnip and sea holly, as well as silphium, a plant whose exact identity is unclear and which may be extinct.
The family Apiaceae also includes a significant number of phototoxic species, such as giant hogweed and parsnip, alongside a smaller number of deadly toxic paralytic species, such as poison hemlock, water hemlock, spotted cowbane, fool's parsley, and various species of water dropwort.

Title: Coriander
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coriander
Excerpt: Coriander (), or Coriandrum sativum, is an annual herb in the family Apiaceae. The leaves are known as cilantro () in the US. Most people perceive the leaves as having a fresh, slightly citrus taste. Due to variations in the gene OR6A2, some people perceive its flavor to be more soaplike or rotten.
The species is native to the Mediterranean Basin. All parts of the plant are edible, with the fresh leaves and dried seeds most traditionally used in cooking. It is included in Peruvian, Mexican, Indian and Southeast Asian cuisines.

Title: Umbel
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umbel
Excerpt: In botany, an umbel is an inflorescence that consists of a number of short flower stalks (called pedicels) that spread from a common point, somewhat like umbrella ribs. The word was coined in botanical usage in the 1590s, from Latin umbella "parasol, sunshade". The arrangement can vary from being flat-topped to almost spherical. Umbels can be simple or compound. The secondary small umbels of compound umbels are known as umbellules or umbellets. The arrangement of the inflorescence in umbels is referred to as umbellate, or occasionally subumbellate (almost umbellate).
Umbels are a characteristic of plants such as carrot, parsley, dill, and fennel in the family Apiaceae; ivy, Aralia and Fatsia in the family Araliaceae; and onion (Allium) in the family Amaryllidaceae.
An umbel is a type of indeterminate inflorescence.
A compressed cyme, which is a determinate inflorescence, is called umbelliform if it resembles an umbel.

Title: List of Apiaceae genera
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Apiaceae_genera
Excerpt: This is a list of genera belonging to the family Apiaceae. It contains all the genera listed by Plants of the World Online (PoWO) as of December 2022. A few extra genus names are included that PoWO regards as synonyms. Unless otherwise indicated, the placement of genera into sub-taxa is based on the taxonomy used by the Germplasm Resources Information Network (GRIN). "Not assigned" means either that the genus is unplaced in GRIN or that it is not listed by GRIN.