Title: Kingston, Ontario
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingston,_Ontario
Excerpt: Kingston is a city in Ontario, Canada, on the northeastern end of Lake Ontario. It is at the beginning of the St. Lawrence River and at the mouth of the Cataraqui River, the south end of the Rideau Canal. Kingston is located between the Prince Edward County and Thousand Islands tourist regions, and is nicknamed the "Limestone City" because it has many heritage buildings constructed using local limestone.
Growing European exploration in the 17th century and the desire for the Europeans to establish a presence close to local Native occupants to control trade led to the founding of a French trading post and military fort at a site known as "Cataraqui" (generally pronounced  ka-tə-ROK-way) in 1673. The outpost, called Fort Cataraqui, and later Fort Frontenac, became a focus for settlement. After the Conquest of New France (1759–1763), the site of Kingston was relinquished to the British. Cataraqui was renamed Kingston after the British took possession of the fort, and Loyalists began settling the region in the 1780s.
Kingston was named the first capital of the United Province of Canada on February 10, 1841. While its time as a capital city was short and ended in 1844, the community has remained an important military installation. The city is a regional centre of education and health care, being home to a major university, a large vocational college, and three major hospitals.
Kingston was the county seat of Frontenac County until 1998. Kingston is now a separate municipality from the County of Frontenac. Kingston is the largest municipality in southeastern Ontario and Ontario's 10th largest metropolitan area. John A. Macdonald, the first prime minister of Canada, lived in Kingston.

Title: List of University of Waterloo people
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_University_of_Waterloo_people
Excerpt: The University of Waterloo, located in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, is a comprehensive public university that was founded in 1957 by Drs. Gerry Hagey and Ira G. Needles. It has grown into an institution of more than 42,000 students, faculty, and staff. The school is notable for being the first accredited university in North America to create a Faculty of Mathematics, which is now the world's largest, and for having the largest cooperative education program in the world. The school is also known for having more companies formed by its faculty, students, and alumni than any other Canadian university, and as such, it has been called the "MIT of the North".
The list includes notable faculty, alumni, staff, and former university presidents. The enrollment for 2020 was 36,057 undergraduate and 6,231 graduate students, with 1,350 faculty members and 2,596 staff. About 221,000 people have graduated from the university, and now reside in over 150 countries.

Title: Waterloo Collegiate Institute
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waterloo_Collegiate_Institute
Excerpt: Waterloo Collegiate Institute (WCI) is a secondary school in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada. The school is run by the Waterloo Region District School Board. During the 2019–2020 school year, 1,475 students were enrolled at the school. It has magnet programs including English as a Second Language (E.S.L.), Extended French, Geography and Strings instruments. On June 4, 2010, the school celebrated its 50th anniversary.

Title: List of people from Ontario
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_from_Ontario
Excerpt: This is a list of notable people who were either born or lived in Ontario, Canada, or have spent a large part or formative part of their career in that province.

Title: 2020 in Canada
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_in_Canada
Excerpt: Events from the year 2020 in Canada.