Title: Brighton hotel bombing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brighton_hotel_bombing
Excerpt: On 12 October 1984 the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) attempted to assassinate members of the British government, including the prime minister, Margaret Thatcher, at the Grand Hotel in Brighton, England. Five people were killed, including the Conservative MP Sir Anthony Berry; more than thirty people were injured. Thatcher was uninjured. The bombing was a key moment in the Troubles, the conflict in Northern Ireland between unionists and republicans over the constitutional position of Northern Ireland, which took place between the late 1960s and 1998.
The IRA decided to assassinate Thatcher during the 1981 Irish hunger strike. Her stance against the return of Special Category Status to republican prisoners—the status that meant they were treated as political prisoners, rather than as criminals—meant the strike was not quickly settled, and ten prisoners died. After two years of planning, including reconnoitering the 1982 and 1983 Conservative Party Conferences, a long-delay time bomb was planted in the hotel by the IRA member Patrick Magee more than three weeks before the 1984 conference. The IRA knew the hotel would be occupied by Thatcher and many of her cabinet.
The bomb exploded at 2:54 am when most guests were in bed. The force of the explosion was upwards and broke through the roof, dislodging one of the hotel's chimney stacks, which weighed five long tons (5.1 t). This crashed through several floors, killing or injuring many of the occupants. Thatcher decided to continue the conference as normal, and was given a standing ovation by delegates as she entered the stage just six and a half hours after the explosion.
The investigation took eight months. A partial palm print was found on the room registration card from when Magee checked in and police surveillance on IRA members led them to him. In 1986 he was tried, found guilty and sent to prison for eight concurrent life sentences, with the recommendation that he serve at least thirty-five years before being considered for parole. He was released under licence in June 1999 as part of the Good Friday Agreement. Negotiations between the British and Irish governments that had begun in 1980 continued despite the bombing, although the pace of the talks was slowed to ensure it did not appear that the British government was conceding to pressure because of the bomb. They resulted in the 1985 Anglo-Irish Agreement, which gave the Irish government an advisory role in Northern Ireland's government.

Title: Patrick Magee (Irish republican)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Magee_(Irish_republican)
Excerpt: Patrick Joseph Magee (born 1951), often referred to as the Brighton bomber, is a former Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) volunteer. In 1984 he planted a bomb in the Grand Hotel, Brighton, targeting Margaret Thatcher, the Prime Minister, and her Cabinet; the bomb killed five people.

Title: Grand Brighton Hotel
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand_Brighton_Hotel
Excerpt: The Grand Brighton Hotel is a Victorian seafront hotel in Brighton on the south coast of England. Designed by John Whichcord Jr. and built in 1864 by Lewis Glenton, it was intended for members of the upper classes visiting the town and remains one of Brighton's most expensive hotels.
During the 1984 Conservative Party conference the hotel was bombed by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) in an attempt to assassinate the prime minister, Margaret Thatcher.

Title: 1996 Docklands bombing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1996_Docklands_bombing
Excerpt: On 9 February 1996, the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) detonated a powerful truck bomb in South Quay, outside Canary Wharf, in London Docklands. The blast killed two people and devastated a wide area, causing an estimated £150 million worth of damage. The IRA had sent warnings 90 minutes beforehand, but the area was not fully evacuated. As well as the two people who were killed, more than 100 were injured, some permanently.
The attack marked an end to the IRA's seventeen-month ceasefire, and came just over an hour after its declaration to Irish broadcaster RTÉ. The IRA agreed to the ceasefire in August 1994 on the understanding that Sinn Féin would be allowed to take part in peace negotiations, but resumed its campaign with the Docklands bombing when the British government demanded a full IRA disarmament as a precondition for talks. After the bombing, the British government dropped its demand. A few months later, the IRA detonated another, more powerful truck bomb in Manchester.
IRA member James McArdle was convicted of the bombing in 1998. He had been a member of an IRA sniper team in South Armagh. He was released two years later, under the terms of the Good Friday Agreement.

Title: Margaret Tebbit
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Margaret_Tebbit
Excerpt: Margaret Elizabeth Tebbit, Baroness Tebbit (née Daines; 24 May 1934 – 19 December 2020) was an English nurse who was paralysed from the chest down by the Provisional IRA's 12 October 1984 bombing of the Grand Brighton Hotel, where she was staying with her husband, Norman Tebbit (then Secretary of State for Trade and Industry), during the Conservative Party Conference. She was disabled for the rest of her life and needed round the clock care.