Title: Charlotte Whitton
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlotte_Whitton
Excerpt: Charlotte Elizabeth Whitton  (March 8, 1896 – January 25, 1975) was a Canadian feminist and mayor of Ottawa. She was the first woman mayor of a major city in Canada, serving from 1951 to 1956 and again from 1960 to 1964. Whitton was a Canadian social policy pioneer, leader and commentator, as well as a journalist and writer.

Title: Siv Jensen
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siv_Jensen
Excerpt: Siv Jensen (born 1 June 1969) is a Norwegian politician who served as the leader of the Progress Party from 2006 to 2021. She also held the position as Minister of Finance from 2013 to 2020 in the Solberg Cabinet. She was also a member of the Norwegian parliament from Oslo from 1997 to 2021.
Born and raised in Oslo, Jensen graduated with a degree in business studies from the Norwegian School of Economics. She was first elected to parliament in the 1997 parliamentary election, and has later been re-elected for four consecutive terms. She chaired the parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance and Economic Affairs from 2001 to 2005, and in 2006 succeeded long-time chairman Carl I. Hagen as leader of the Progress Party.
Jensen was the Progress Party's candidate for Prime Minister in the 2009 parliamentary election, which saw record high results for the party. For the 2013 parliamentary election she supported prospects of a coalition government headed by the Conservative Party, and led her party into the Solberg Cabinet, the Progress Party's first ever government participation.
Jensen became Norway's longest-serving Minister of Finance since World War II in October 2019.

Title: Katti Anker Møller
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katti_Anker_M%C3%B8ller
Excerpt: Katti Anker Møller (23 October 1868 – 20 August 1945) was a Norwegian feminist, children's rights advocate, and a pioneer of reproductive rights.

Title: Gina Krog
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gina_Krog
Excerpt: Jørgine Anna Sverdrup "Gina" Krog (20 June 1847 – 14 April 1916) was a Norwegian suffragist, teacher, liberal politician, writer and editor, and a major figure in liberal feminism in Scandinavia.
She played a central role in the Norwegian liberal women's rights movement from the 1880s until her death, notably as a leading campaigner for women's right to vote. In 1884, Krog co-founded the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights with liberal MP Hagbart Berner. Over the next two decades, Krog co-founded the Women's Voting Association, the National Association for Women's Suffrage, and the Norwegian National Women's Council, spearheading the presentation of women's suffrage proposals to the Storting (the Norwegian parliament). Krog wrote articles and gave speeches, travelling throughout Europe and North America to attend international women's rights conferences. She was editor of the Norwegian feminist periodical Nylænde (New Land) from 1887 until her death in 1916. She was an early member of the Liberal Party and served as a deputy member of its national board. Krog was strongly inspired by the American liberal women's rights movement spearheaded by Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton.
Krog was regarded as an unapologetic liberal progressive during her time, seeking full and equal voting rights for all women on the same conditions as men. In the 19th century these views brought Krog into conflict with more moderate members of the Norwegian women's movement, many of whom argued for narrower approaches, focusing first on enfranchising privileged women; before 1900 only men of certain means and position had the right to vote as well. In 1910, the Storting granted universal voting rights to women for municipal elections, extending this to general elections in 1913.
Krog was the first woman in Norway to receive a state funeral. Since 2009, the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights has awarded the biennial Gina Krog Prize for feminist advocates.

Title: George Wegner Paus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Wegner_Paus
Excerpt: George Wegner Paus (14 October 1882 – 22 December 1923), often known as George Paus, was a Norwegian lawyer, mountaineer, skiing pioneer, sailor, rower, poet, diplomat and business executive.
He practiced for a short period as a lawyer in Christiania in 1905 before serving for two years as a consular secretary and deputy head at the new Norwegian consulate in Chicago, being one of the first members of Norway's newly established foreign service. In 1907, he returned to Norway and became one of the first two employees and the first lawyer of the Norwegian Employers' Confederation, where he became director in 1918. He played an important role in labour issues in Norway and in the development of Norwegian labour law from the early 20th century, and participated in the establishment of the International Labour Organization in Washington, D.C., in 1919 as a representative of the Norwegian government. He also served on several governmental committees. He was a member of the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights.
He was one of Norway's most active mountaineers in the early 1900s with several first ascents in Jotunheimen; his regular mountaineering partners included his close friend Kristian Tandberg, pioneering female mountaineer Therese Bertheau whom he knew since childhood, and some of the most famous British mountaineers of the era including Harold Raeburn and Howard Priestman. He was also an avid sailor and rower who participated in national competitions. In the early 20th century he wrote poetry that often explored the connection between nature and human experiences. He was the founder and chairman of the ski club and literary society Starkad from 1897, described in the book Vinterlivets rene glæder (The Joy of Winter Life), named after one of his poems.