Title: The Kentucky Headhunters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Kentucky_Headhunters
Excerpt: The Kentucky Headhunters are an American country rock and Southern rock band from Edmonton, Kentucky. The band's members are Doug Phelps (bass guitar, vocals), Greg Martin (lead guitar, vocals), and brothers Richard Young (rhythm guitar, vocals) and Fred Young (drums, vocals). Martin and the Young brothers began performing in 1968 as Itchy Brother, a group which also included Anthony Kenney on bass guitar and vocals. Itchy Brother performed until 1982, with James Harrison replacing Martin from 1973 to 1976. The Youngs and Martin began performing as The Kentucky Headhunters in 1986, adding brothers Ricky Lee Phelps (lead vocals, harmonica) and Doug Phelps (bass guitar, vocals) to the membership.
With the release of their 1989 debut album Pickin' on Nashville via Mercury Records, the band charted four consecutive Top 40 country singles. A second album for Mercury, Electric Barnyard, did not do as well commercially, and the Phelps brothers left after its release to form Brother Phelps. Kenney re-joined and Mark S. Orr took over on lead vocals for 1993's Rave On!! and a compilation album entitled The Best of The Kentucky Headhunters: Still Pickin' before the band exited Mercury. Orr left and Doug Phelps rejoined in 1996 as lead vocalist for the album Stompin' Grounds. He also led on the Audium Entertainment albums Songs from the Grass String Ranch and Soul, as well as Big Boss Man and a second compilation, Flying Under the Radar, on CBuJ Entertainment. After Kenney's departure, Doug once again became the band's bass guitarist by the release of Dixie Lullabies, in 2011.
The Kentucky Headhunters have released ten studio albums, three compilations, and twenty-three singles. Their highest-peaking single is a cover of the Don Gibson song "Oh Lonesome Me,"  which the band took to number eight on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts in 1990. In addition, the band has won three Country Music Association awards, an Academy of Country Music award, and a Grammy Award for Best Country Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal, won in 1990 for Pickin' on Nashville.

Title: Baroness (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baroness_(band)
Excerpt: Baroness is an American heavy metal band from Savannah, Georgia that has been active since 2003. Its early members grew up together in Lexington, Virginia. The band has undergone numerous lineup changes, with frontman John Baizley serving as the sole constant throughout. Baizley creates the artwork for all of the group's albums and has done artwork for other bands.

Title: Gina Gleason
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gina_Gleason
Excerpt: Gina Gleason is an American musician who is the current lead guitarist and backing vocalist for heavy metal band Baroness.

Title: Baroness discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baroness_discography
Excerpt: The discography of American heavy metal band Baroness consists of six studio albums, one compilation album, four extended plays (EPs), thirteen singles, two splits, and fourteen music videos. Formed in Savannah, Georgia in 2003, the group was originally composed of vocalist and guitarist John Baizley, guitarist Tim Loose, bassist Summer Welch and drummer Allen Blickle. Signed to Hyperrealist Records, the band released their first two EPs, titled First and Second, in 2004 and 2005, respectively. The split album A Grey Sigh in a Flower Husk – featuring two tracks by Baroness and four by fellow Savannah-based band Unpersons – was released in June 2007. After Loose was replaced by guitarist Brian Blickle, the band released its debut full-length studio album, Red Album, through Relapse Records in September 2007.
A second lineup change followed in September 2008, when Blickle left the band after three years and was replaced by guitarist and vocalist Pete Adams. The first two Baroness EPs were reissued together as the compilation album First & Second in October 2008. The group's second album, Blue Record, was released in October 2009. Blue Record was the band's first release to chart, reaching number 117 on the US Billboard 200 and topping the Heatseekers Albums chart. Welch left Baroness in late 2011 and was replaced in 2012 by bassist Matt Maggioni, although the bass parts on the group's third album were performed by Baizley. Yellow & Green, released in July 2012, reached number 30 on the Billboard 200. Lead single "Take My Bones Away" registered at number 38 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart and 35 on the Active Rock chart, while March to the Sea reached 37 on the Active Rock chart.
In August 2012, while on tour to promote Yellow & Green, Baroness were involved in a bus crash which resulted in injuries that hospitalized Baizley, Blickle and Maggioni. The band canceled the remaining concerts and spent months recovering. Shortly after the group announced they would return to touring, it was revealed that Blickle and Maggioni were leaving Baroness. The departed members were replaced by drummer Sebastian Thomson and bassist Nick Jost. Baroness released its fourth album, Purple, in December 2015 through their own record label, Abraxan Hymns. The album reached number 70 on the Billboard 200, while the single "Shock Me" registered at number 28 on the Mainstream Rock chart and earned a Grammy nomination at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.
In 2017, Pete Adams left Baroness and was replaced by guitarist and vocalist Gina Gleason. The band released its fifth album, Gold & Grey, to critical acclaim in June 2019. The album peaked at 39 on the Billboard 200. Baroness' self-produced sixth album, Stone, was released in September 2023. Stone debuted at 115 on the Billboard 200, while the single "Last Word" appeared at 12 on Billboard's LyricFind U.S. chart.

Title: Gold & Grey
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gold_%26_Grey
Excerpt: Gold & Grey is the fifth studio album by American heavy metal band Baroness. It was released on June 14, 2019, on the band's own label, Abraxan Hymns.