Title: Rage Against the Machine
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rage_Against_the_Machine
Excerpt: Rage Against the Machine (often abbreviated as RATM or shortened to Rage) was an American rock band formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1991. It consisted of vocalist Zack de la Rocha, bassist and backing vocalist Tim Commerford, guitarist Tom Morello, and drummer Brad Wilk. They melded heavy metal, rap, punk rock, and funk with anti-authoritarian, anti-capitalist, and revolutionary lyrics. As of 2010, they had sold over 16 million records worldwide. They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2023.
Rage Against the Machine released their self-titled debut album in 1992 to acclaim; in 2020, Rolling Stone ranked it number 221 on its list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. They achieved commercial success following their performances at the 1993 Lollapalooza festival. Their next albums, Evil Empire (1996) and The Battle of Los Angeles (1999), topped the Billboard 200 chart. Rage Against the Machine became a popular and influential band, and influenced the nu metal genre which came to prominence during the late 1990s and early 2000s. They were also ranked No. 33 on VH1's 100 Greatest Artists of Hard Rock.
In 2000, Rage Against the Machine released the cover album Renegades and disbanded after growing creative differences. After pursuing other projects for several years, they reunited to perform at Coachella in 2007. Over the next four years, the band played live venues and festivals around the world before going on hiatus in 2011. In 2019, Rage Against the Machine announced a world tour that was delayed to 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and was ultimately cut short after de la Rocha suffered a leg injury. Wilk confirmed in 2024 that the band had disbanded for the third time.

Title: Mike Patton
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Patton
Excerpt: Michael Allan Patton (born January 27, 1968) is an American singer, songwriter, producer, and voice actor, best known as the lead vocalist of the rock bands Faith No More and Mr. Bungle. He has also fronted and/or played with Tomahawk, The Dillinger Escape Plan, Fantômas, Moonchild Trio, Kaada/Patton, Dead Cross, Lovage, Mondo Cane, the X-ecutioners, The Avett Brothers, and Peeping Tom. Consistent collaborators through his varied career include avant-garde jazz saxophonist John Zorn, hip hop producer Dan the Automator and classical violinist Eyvind Kang. Patton saw his largest commercial success with Faith No More; although they scored only one US hit, they scored three UK top 20 singles.
Noted for his vocal proficiency, diverse singing techniques, wide range of projects, style-transcending influences, eccentric public image and contempt for the music industry, Patton has earned critical praise and influenced many contemporary singers. He has been cited as an influence by members of Coheed and Cambria, Deftones, Five Finger Death Punch, Hoobastank, Incubus, Lostprophets, Killswitch Engage, Korn, Queens of the Stone Age, System of a Down, Flummox, Papa Roach, Mushroomhead, and Slipknot.
Patton has worked as a producer or co-producer with artists such as Merzbow, The Dillinger Escape Plan, Sepultura, Melvins, Melt-Banana, and Kool Keith. He co-founded Ipecac Recordings with Greg Werckman in 1999, and has run the label since. Patton is an outspoken, even derisive, critic of the mainstream music industry and has been a champion for non-mainstream music that he says has "fallen through the cracks."

Title: The Angels (Australian band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Angels_(Australian_band)
Excerpt: The Angels are an Australian rock band that formed in 1974 in Adelaide as the Keystone Angels with Bernard "Doc" Neeson on lead vocals and bass guitar, John Brewster on rhythm guitar and vocals, his brother Rick Brewster on lead guitar and backing vocals, and Peter "Charlie" King on drums. In 1976, King was replaced by Graham "Buzz" Bidstrup on drums, Chris Bailey took over bass duties so Neeson could focus solely on vocals, and they changed their name to just 'the Angels'. Their studio albums that peaked in the Australian top 10 are No Exit (1979), Dark Room (1980), Night Attack (1981), Two Minute Warning (1984), Howling (1986) and Beyond Salvation (1990). Their top 20 singles are "No Secrets" (1980), "Into the Heat" (1981), "We Gotta Get Out of This Place" (1987), "Am I Ever Gonna See Your Face Again" (live, 1988), "Let the Night Roll On" and "Dogs Are Talking" (both 1990).
To avoid legal problems with similarly named acts in the international market, their records have been released under the names Angel City and later the Angels from Angel City, although the group has said numerous times that they dislike these names. Bands that have cited the Angels as having influenced their music include Guns N' Roses and Cheap Trick, who became friends and touring buddies, Great White, who have covered two of their songs, and Seattle grunge band Pearl Jam, among many others. Neeson left the group in 1999 due to spinal injuries sustained in a car accident and they disbanded the following year. Competing versions of the group subsequently performed using the Angels name, until April 2008 when the original 1970s line-up reformed for a series of tours until 2011, when Neeson and Bidstrup left again. Alternative versions continued with new members, with the current line-up featuring the founding Brewster brothers, John Brewster's sons Sam (bass) and Tom (drums) and lead vocalist Nick Norton.
The Angels were inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame in October 1998 with the line-up of Bailey, John and Rick Brewster, Eccles and Neeson. Australian musicologist Ian McFarlane declared that "The Angels had a profound effect on the Australian live music scene of the late 1970s/early 1980s. [They] helped redefine the Australian pub rock tradition... [their] brand of no-frills, hard-driving boogie rock attracted pub goers in unprecedented numbers. In turn, The Angels' shows raised the standard expected of live music. After 20 years on the road, the band showed little sign of easing up on the hard rock fever." Chris Bailey died of throat cancer on 4 April 2013, aged 62. Doc Neeson died of a brain tumour on 4 June 2014, aged 67.

Title: Kesha
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kesha
Excerpt: Kesha Rose Sebert (born March 1, 1987), stylized as Ke$ha until 2014, is an American singer, rapper, and songwriter. She has attained two number-one albums on the US Billboard 200 to date, with Animal (2010) and Rainbow (2017), and the top-ten records Warrior (2012) and High Road (2020).  She has also attained ten top-ten singles and three number ones on the US Billboard Hot 100, including "Tik Tok", "We R Who We R", "Timber" with Pitbull, "Die Young", "Till The World Ends" (the Femme Fatale remix) with Nicki Minaj and Britney Spears, "Your Love Is My Drug", "Blow", "Blah Blah Blah" and "My First Kiss" with 3OH!3 (both as a lead and featured act), and "Take It Off". Furthermore, she has an uncredited number one on the US Billboard Hot 100 with her featured appearance on American rapper Flo Rida's 2009 hit single "Right Round". Her debut single "Tik Tok", which released later that same year, was at one point the best-selling digital single in history, selling over 14 million units internationally, until surpassed in 2011. She fulfilled her five-album contract with Kemosabe Records and RCA Records by releasing her final contractual album Gag Order (2023) under both labels, and released her first independent album, Period (2025), under her own label, Kesha Records.
Kesha's career was halted in between her second and third albums, Warrior and Rainbow, due to a legal dispute with her former producer, Dr. Luke, which she had filed in 2014. A series of lawsuits, known collectively as Kesha v. Dr. Luke, were exchanged between the two parties in which Kesha accused him of physical, sexual, and emotional abuse and employment discrimination against her, while Dr. Luke claimed breach of contract and defamation. The case was settled out of court in June 2023.
Kesha is listed as the 26th top artist on Billboard's 2010s decade-end charts. She has received various awards and nominations, including the MTV Europe Music Award for Best New Act in 2010. Kesha has also co-written songs for other artists, including "Till the World Ends" (2011) for Britney Spears and songs for Ariana Grande, Miley Cyrus, Miranda Cosgrove, and Girls' Generation.

Title: Deep States
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deep_States
Excerpt: Deep States is the third studio album by Australian group Tropical Fuck Storm. It was released on 20 August 2021 through Joyful Noise Recordings. Recorded during the COVID-19 pandemic, the recording process for the album was unconventional and involved heavy experimentation. The music features a range of diverse influences and has been variously labelled as art rock, noise rock and psychedelic rock. Lyrically, the album deals with the social and emotional impact of the pandemic, with many songs also diving into subjects such as conspiracy theories, social media polarization, corruption, death and occasionally even feature science fiction themes.
Deep States was released on 20 August 2021 to positive critical reviews, debuting at #7 on the ARIA Charts – the band's highest placement thus far. At the 2021 ARIA Music Awards, the album won the award for Best Hard Rock or Heavy Metal Album.