Title: Royce Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royce_Gracie
Excerpt: Royce Gracie (Portuguese: [ˈʁɔjsi ˈɡɾejsi]; born 12 December 1966) is a Brazilian former professional mixed martial artist. Gracie gained fame for his success in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). He is a member of the Gracie jiu-jitsu family, a UFC Hall of Famer, and is considered to be one of the most influential figures in the history of mixed martial arts (MMA). He also competed in PRIDE Fighting Championships, K-1's MMA events, and Bellator.
In 1993 and 1994, Gracie was the tournament winner of UFC 1, UFC 2 and UFC 4, which were openweight single-elimination tournaments with minimal rules. He used his skills in submission grappling to defeat larger and heavier opponents. He was also known for his rivalry with Ken Shamrock, whom he beat in UFC 1 and then fought to a draw in the rematch for the Superfight Championship at UFC 5. Royce later competed in PRIDE Fighting Championships, where he is most remembered for his 90-minute bout against catch wrestler Kazushi Sakuraba in 2000, and a controversial "judo vs jiu-jitsu" special-rules match against Hidehiko Yoshida, an Olympic gold medalist in judo, at PRIDE Shockwave in 2002.
Royce Gracie's success in the UFC popularized Gracie jiu-jitsu (commonly referred to as "Brazilian" jiu-jitsu) and revolutionized mixed martial arts, contributing to the movement towards grappling and ground fighting. For his pioneering in mixed martial arts, Gracie was the first inductee to the UFC Hall of Fame in 2003 alongside his once-rival Ken Shamrock. He was inducted into the Martial Arts History Museum Hall of Fame in 2007, and later into the International Sports Hall of Fame in 2016.

Title: Kazushi Sakuraba
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kazushi_Sakuraba
Excerpt: Kazushi Sakuraba (Japanese: 桜庭 和志, Sakuraba Kazushi; born July 14, 1969) is a Japanese professional wrestler, submission wrestler and former mixed martial artist. He is performing as a freelancer, primarily appearing for Pro Wrestling Noah, where he was formerly one-half of the former GHC Tag Team Champions with Takashi Sugiura. He has also competed in traditional puroresu for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) and shoot-style competition for UWFi and Kingdom Pro Wrestling (KPW). He has fought in MMA competition in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Pride Fighting Championships, Hero's, Dream and most recently Rizin Fighting Federation. He is known as the Gracie Hunter or the Gracie Killer due to his wins over four members of the famed Gracie family: Royler Gracie, Renzo Gracie, Ryan Gracie, and Royce Gracie. Sakuraba is famous for beating 15 champions of different top MMA organizations; opponents who were often many weight-classes above him.
Known for his excellent skills in catch wrestling and unorthodox fighting style, he is considered one of the greatest mixed martial art fighters of all time, and holds notable victories over seven UFC champions, three Pancrase Champions, a DREAM champion, a King of the Cage champion and Battlecade Extreme Fighting champion; former Welterweight Champion Carlos Newton, two former Light heavyweight champions Vitor Belfort and Quinton Jackson, former Heavyweight Champion Kevin Randleman, three-time UFC Tournament champion Royce Gracie, former Superfight champion and King of Pancrase Ken Shamrock, former  King of Pancrase Masakatsu Funaki, DREAM Super Hulk Tournament Champion Ikuhisa Minowa, former King of the Cage Light Heavyweight champion Vernon White, and former Battlecade Extreme Fighting champion Marcus Silveira. He is also the first of only two Japanese UFC champions. Sakuraba's Pride fights routinely drew over 20 million viewers in Japan. Sakuraba is the founder of the submission wrestling promotion Quintet, where he has competed since 2018.

Title: Gracie family
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gracie_family
Excerpt: The Gracie family (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈɡɾejsi]) is a family of martial artists originally from Belém, in Pará, Brazil, whose ancestors came from Paisley, Scotland. They are known for promoting the self-defense martial arts system of Gracie jiu-jitsu, commonly known as Brazilian jiu-jitsu, originating from Kano jiu-jitsu (Judo) brought to Brazil by judoka prizefighter Mitsuyo Maeda.
They have been successful in combat sports competitions for over 80 years, representing their self-defense system (Gracie jiu-jitsu) including mixed martial arts (MMA), vale tudo and submission wrestling events. Several members were involved in the creation of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), along with promoter Art Davie.
As a family, the Gracies upheld the "Gracie Challenge", a martial arts challenge intended to showcase the effectiveness of their style of grappling against other martial arts disciplines. Members have an affinity to, and are consanguineously related to, the Machado family.

Title: Kazushi Sakuraba vs. Royce Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kazushi_Sakuraba_vs._Royce_Gracie
Excerpt: The mixed martial arts fight between Kazushi Sakuraba and Royce Gracie was held in 2000 at PRIDE Fighting Championships. Due to its special rules, it lasted 90 minutes before ending with the victory of Sakuraba by TKO. It has been widely considered one of the greatest and most influential MMA fights of all time, as well as a vital part of the rivalry between the Gracie family and Sakuraba, who gained the nickname "Gracie Hunter" after the match. It was followed by a rematch in 2007 in K-1 Dynamite!! USA, where Gracie defeated Sakuraba in controversial fashion and tested positive for steroids after the bout.

Title: Hidehiko Yoshida vs. Royce Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hidehiko_Yoshida_vs._Royce_Gracie
Excerpt: Two fights between Hidehiko Yoshida and Royce Gracie were held in 2002 and 2003 at mixed martial arts organization PRIDE Fighting Championships. The first bout was disputed under special rules, and ended with Yoshida being declared the winner by the controversial application of a choke. A rematch under full MMA rules happened a year later, ending in a draw due to the absence of judges demanded by Gracie. The whole affair attracted notoriety and controversy in the mixed martial arts world due to those and other factors.