Title: World Series of Poker
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series_of_Poker
Excerpt: The World Series of Poker (WSOP) is a series of poker tournaments held annually in Paradise, Nevada, and since 2004, sponsored by Caesars Entertainment. It dates its origins to 1970, when Benny Binion invited seven of the best-known poker players to the Horseshoe Casino for a single tournament, with a set start and stop time, and a winner determined by a secret ballot of the seven players.
As of 2025, the WSOP consists of a record 100 live bracelet events, with most major poker variants featured.
The 2024 WSOP was held at the Horseshoe and Paris Las Vegas, and saw record-breaking attendance for the Main Event tournament. In August 2024, Caesars Entertainment announced it had sold the WSOP brand to GGPoker operator NSUS Group for $500 million.

Title: Annie Duke
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annie_Duke
Excerpt: Anne LaBarr Duke (née Lederer; born September 13, 1965) is an American former professional poker player and author in cognitive-behavioral decision science and decision education. She holds a World Series of Poker (WSOP) gold bracelet from 2004 and used to be the leading money winner among women in WSOP history; she remains in the top five as of April 2023, despite having retired from poker and last cashing at a tournament in 2010.  Duke won the 2004 World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions and the National Heads-Up Poker Championship in 2010. She has written a number of instructional books for poker players, including Decide to Play Great Poker and The Middle Zone, as well as an autobiography, How I Raised, Folded, Bluffed, Flirted, Cursed, and Won Millions at the World Series of Poker, in 2005.  Duke authored two books on decision-making, Thinking in Bets: Making Smarter Decisions When You Don't Have All the Facts, and How to Decide: Simple Tools for Making Better Choices.
Duke co-founded the non-profit Ante Up for Africa with actor Don Cheadle in 2007 to benefit charities working in African nations, and has raised money for other charities and non-profits through playing in and hosting charitable poker tournaments. She has been involved in advocacy on a number of poker-related issues including advocating for the legality of online gambling and for players' rights to control their own image. Duke was co-founder, executive vice president, and commissioner of the Epic Poker League from 2011 to 2012.

Title: Daniel Negreanu
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Daniel_Negreanu
Excerpt: Daniel Negreanu (; born July 26, 1974) is a Canadian professional poker player who has won eight World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelets and two World Poker Tour (WPT) championship titles. In 2014, independent poker ranking service Global Poker Index recognized Negreanu as the best poker player of the previous decade.
As of August 2025, he has the seventh-highest live tournament poker money winnings of all time, with US$56.9 million. He was named the WSOP Player of the Year in 2004 and 2013, making him the only player to receive the accolade more than once.  He was also the 2004–2005 WPT Player of the Year. He is one of four players, along with Billy Baxter, Jay Heimowitz, and Phil Hellmuth to have won a WSOP Bracelet in 4 different decades. He is the first player to make a final table at each of the three WSOP bracelet-awarding locations (Las Vegas, Europe, and Asia-Pacific), and the first to win a bracelet at each. In 2014, he was inducted into the Poker Hall of Fame.

Title: World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series_of_Poker_Tournament_of_Champions
Excerpt: The World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions (WSOP ToC) is an invitational freeroll poker event.  The WSOP ToC has been played intermittently five times in the 21st Century with different formats.  The four WSOP ToC events held from 2004 to 2010 did not count as official WSOP bracelets events, with the winners receiving instead a large trophy in the shape of the official World Series of Poker logo.  In 2010, the WSOP Tournament of Champions returned with a new format more akin to a typical sports league All-Star Event format.  27 players vied for $1 million, with 20 of those players selected by the fans via online vote at the WSOP's website.  Controversies over the inclusion of commercially sponsored players resulted in a hiatus in the WSOP ToC for over a decade.
The WSOP ToC was reintroduced in 2022 as an official WSOP bracelet event (linked to the World Series of Poker Circuit).

Title: World Series of Poker bracelet
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series_of_Poker_bracelet
Excerpt: The World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelet is considered the most coveted non-monetary prize a poker player can win. Since 1976, a bracelet has been awarded to the winner of every event at the annual WSOP. Even if the victory occurred before 1976, WSOP championships are now counted as "bracelets". During the first years of the WSOP, only a handful of bracelets were awarded each year. In 1990, there were only 14 bracelet events. By 2000, that number increased to 24. As the popularity of poker has increased during the 2000s, the number of events has likewise increased. In 2011, 58 bracelets were awarded at the WSOP, seven at the World Series of Poker Europe (WSOPE), and one to the WSOP National Circuit Champion. This brought the total number of bracelets awarded up to 959. Five additional bracelets were awarded for the first time in April 2013 at the inaugural World Series of Poker Asia-Pacific (WSOP APAC) in Melbourne, Australia. In 2017, 74 bracelets were awarded at the WSOP and an additional 11 will be awarded at the WSOPE in Czech Republic.
After the conclusion of the 2014 WSOP APAC, there have been 1083 bracelets awarded, 500 of which were won by 170 players who have won at least two bracelets, with all of the other bracelets being won by one-time winners. This includes (up to this point) 22 Main Event winners with one bracelet: Hal Fowler, Bill Smith, Mansour Matloubi, Brad Daugherty, Russ Hamilton, Noel Furlong, Robert Varkonyi, Chris Moneymaker, Greg Raymer, Joe Hachem, Jamie Gold, Jerry Yang, Peter Eastgate, Pius Heinz, Ryan Riess, Martin Jacobson, Qui Nguyen, Scott Blumstein, John Cynn, Hossein Ensan, Damian Salas, and Koray Aldemir.