Title: Cy Twombly
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cy_Twombly
Excerpt: Edwin Parker "Cy" Twombly Jr. (; April 25, 1928 – July 5, 2011) was an American painter, sculptor, and photographer.
Twombly influenced artists such as Anselm Kiefer, Francesco Clemente, Julian Schnabel, and Jean-Michel Basquiat. His best-known works are typically large-scale, freely-scribbled, calligraphic and graffiti-like works on solid fields of mostly gray, tan, or off-white colors. His later paintings and works on paper shifted toward "romantic symbolism", and their titles can be interpreted visually through shapes and forms and words. Twombly often quoted poets such as Stéphane Mallarmé, Rainer Maria Rilke, and John Keats, as well as classical myths and allegories, in his works. Examples of this are his Apollo and The Artist and a series of eight drawings consisting solely of inscriptions of the word "Virgil".
Twombly's works are in the permanent collections of modern art museums globally, including the Menil Collection in Houston, the Tate Modern in London, New York's Museum of Modern Art and Munich's Museum Brandhorst. He was commissioned for a ceiling at the Musée du Louvre in Paris.
In a 1994 retrospective, curator Kirk Varnedoe described Twombly's work as "influential among artists, discomfiting to many critics and truculently difficult not just for a broad public, but for sophisticated initiates of postwar art as well." Writing in Artforum, Travis Jeppesen went further, declaring Twombly to be "the greatest American painter of the twentieth century, and the greatest painter after Picasso, period."

Title: 1897 in baseball
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1897_in_baseball
Excerpt: The following are the baseball events of the year 1897  throughout the world.

Title: List of baseball nicknames
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_baseball_nicknames
Excerpt: This is a list of nicknames of Major League Baseball teams and players. It includes a complete list of nicknames of players in the Baseball Hall of Fame, a list of nicknames of current players, nicknames of popular players who have played for each major league team, and lists of nicknames grouped into particular categories (e.g., ethnic nicknames, personality trait nicknames etc.). It also includes a list of nicknames of current major league teams. Sports journalists, broadcasters, and fans commonly refer to teams by a wide variety of nicknames. Many of the names are so established that newspapers routinely use the names in headlines.

Title: Cy Twombly (baseball)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cy_Twombly_(baseball)
Excerpt: Edwin Parker "Cy" Twombly Sr. (June 15, 1897 – December 3, 1974) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who appeared in seven games for the 1921 Chicago White Sox. Born in Groveland, Massachusetts, he attended Lehigh University and Springfield College. He was a swim coach and later Athletic Director of Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Virginia in the late 1950s and early 1960s. His namesake son was a major American artist. He died at age 77 in Savannah, Georgia.

Title: Cy (given name)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cy_(given_name)
Excerpt: Cy is a masculine given name, often a short form (hypocorism) of Cyril, Cyrus or Seymour, and a nickname. It may refer to: