Title: List of Durham University people
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Durham_University_people
Excerpt: This is a list of people associated with Durham University, divided for user convenience into multiple subcategories. This includes alumni, those who have taught there, conducted research there or played a part in its founding.
Durham University is a collegiate university, so where known and if applicable, they are shown alongside their associated college. Note that college membership was not always compulsory. Staff candidates who have read for higher degrees, like the geologist Gillian Foulger or the historian Jeremy Black, did not join a college either. Alumni who did not take up membership of a college or society are therefore listed as Unattached.
This list is divided into categories indicating the field of activity in which people have become well known. Alumni who have achieved distinction in more than one field are listed in the field in which it is felt they are most associated, or have been involved in more recently.
Durham alumni are active through organizations and events such as the annual reunions, dinners and balls. By 2009, the university claimed 67 Durham associations, ranging from international to college and sports affiliated groups, catered for the more than 109,000 living alumni.

Title: List of stock characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_stock_characters
Excerpt: A stock character is a dramatic or literary character representing a generic type in a conventional, simplified manner and recurring in many fictional works. The following list labels some of these stereotypes and provides examples. Some character archetypes, the more universal foundations of fictional characters, are also listed.
Some characters that were first introduced as fully fleshed-out characters become subsequently used as stock characters in other works – for example, the Ebenezer Scrooge character from A Christmas Carol, upon whom the "miser" stereotype is based, and whose name now has become a shorthand for it. Some stock characters incorporate more than one stock character; for example, a bard may also be a wisecracking jester.
Some of the stock characters in this list – reflecting the respective attitudes of the people of the time and the place in which they have been created – in hindsight, may be considered offensive due to their use of racial stereotyping, homophobia, or other prejudice.

Title: 2020 in the United Kingdom
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_in_the_United_Kingdom
Excerpt: The following is a list of notable events, births and deaths from 2020 in the United Kingdom. The COVID-19 pandemic largely dominated events in the UK during this year, as in most of the world.

Title: 2022 deaths in the United Kingdom
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2022_deaths_in_the_United_Kingdom
Excerpt: The following notable deaths in the United Kingdom occurred in 2022. Names are reported under the date of death, in alphabetical order as set out in WP:NAMESORT.
A typical entry reports information in the following sequence:
Name, age, country of citizenship at birth and subsequent nationality (if applicable), what subject was noted for, year of birth (if known), and reference.