Title: Singapore
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore
Excerpt: Singapore, officially the Republic of Singapore, is an island country in Southeast Asia. Its territory comprises a main island, over 60 satellite islands and islets, and one outlying islet. The country is about one degree of latitude (137 kilometres or 85 miles) north of the equator, off the southern tip of the Malay Peninsula, bordering the Strait of Malacca to the west, the Singapore Strait to the south along with the Riau Islands in Indonesia, the South China Sea to the east and the Straits of Johor along with the State of Johor in Malaysia to the north.
In its early history, Singapore was a maritime emporium known as Temasek; subsequently, it was a major constituent of several successive thalassocratic empires. Its contemporary era began in 1819, when Stamford Raffles established Singapore as an entrepôt trading post of the British Empire. In 1867, Singapore came under direct British control as part of the Straits Settlements. During World War II, Singapore was occupied by Japan in 1942 and returned to Britain as a Crown colony following Japan's surrender in 1945. Singapore gained self-governance in 1959 and in 1963 became part of the new federation of Malaysia, alongside Malaya, North Borneo and Sarawak. Ideological differences led to Singapore's expulsion from the federation two years later; it became an independent sovereign country in 1965. After early years of turbulence and despite lacking natural resources and a hinterland, the nation rapidly developed to become one of the Four Asian Tigers.
As a highly developed country, Singapore has the highest PPP-adjusted GDP per capita in the world and is the only country in Asia with a AAA sovereign credit rating from all major rating agencies. Identified as a tax haven, it is a major aviation, financial and maritime shipping hub and has consistently been ranked as one of the most expensive cities for expatriates and foreign workers. Singapore ranks highly in key social indicators: education, healthcare, housing, peacefulness, passport strength, personal safety and infrastructure, with a high home-ownership rate. Singaporeans enjoy one of the longest life expectancies, fastest Internet connection speeds, lowest infant mortality rates and lowest levels of corruption in the world. Singapore is organised into five regions, 55 planning areas and hundreds of subzones. It has the second highest population density of any country, although there are numerous green and recreational spaces as a result of urban planning. With a multicultural population and in recognition of the cultural identities of the country's major ethnic groups, Singapore has four official languages: English, Malay, Mandarin and Tamil. English is the common language, with exclusive use in numerous public services. Multi-racialism is enshrined in the constitution and continues to shape national policies.
Singapore is a parliamentary republic and its legal system is based on common law. While it is constitutionally a multi-party democracy where free elections are regularly held, it functions as a de facto one-party state, with the People's Action Party (PAP) maintaining continuous political dominance since 1959. The PAP's longstanding control has resulted in limited political pluralism and a highly centralised governance structure over national institutions. One of the five founding members of ASEAN, Singapore is also the headquarters of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation Secretariat, the Pacific Economic Cooperation Council Secretariat and is the host city of many international conferences and events. Singapore is also a member of the United Nations, the World Trade Organization, the East Asia Summit, the Non-Aligned Movement and the Commonwealth of Nations.

Title: Flag of Singapore
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Singapore
Excerpt: The flag of Singapore was adopted in 1959, the year Singapore became self-governing within the British Empire. Designed by a government committee led by deputy prime minister Toh Chin Chye, it remained as the national flag upon the country's independence from Malaysia on 9 August 1965. The design is a horizontal bicolour of red above white, overlaid in the canton (upper hoist quarter) by a white crescent moon facing a pentagon of five small white five-pointed stars. The elements of the flag denote a young nation on the ascendant, universal brotherhood and equality, and national ideals.
Vessels at sea do not use the national flag as an ensign. Merchant vessels and pleasure craft fly a civil ensign of red charged in white with a variant of the crescent and stars emblem in the centre. Non-military government vessels such as coast guard ships fly a state ensign of blue with the national flag in the canton, charged with an eight-pointed red and white compass rose in the lower fly. Naval ships patrol a naval ensign similar to the state ensign, but in white with a red compass rose emblem.
The usage and exhibition of the national flag in Singapore are regulated by the rules set forth in the National Symbols Act. Under the Act, which took effect on 1 August 2023 and superseded the former Singapore Arms and Flag and National Anthem Act, private citizens may include the flag in designs for other objects, and the national flag or its image can be used on attire above the torso for non-commercial purposes year-round as long as it is not done in a disrespectful manner. Regulations are relaxed during National Day celebrations from 1 July to 30 September.

Title: All Too Well
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_Too_Well
Excerpt: "All Too Well" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. Written by Swift and Liz Rose, the song was first produced by Swift and Nathan Chapman for her fourth studio album, Red (2012). After a 2019 dispute regarding the ownership of Swift's masters, she re-recorded the song as "All Too Well (Taylor's Version)" and released an unabridged "10 Minute Version" as part of the re-recorded album Red (Taylor's Version) in November 2021.
The lyrics of "All Too Well" narrate a failed romantic relationship, recalling the intimate memories and exploring the painful aftermath. The detail of a scarf that the narrator left at the house of her ex-lover's sister generated widespread interpretations and became a popular culture phenomenon. The 2012 version is a slow-burning power ballad combining styles of country and rock. The "10 Minute Version", produced by Swift and Jack Antonoff, has an atmospheric pop rock production. She performed the song at the 2014 Grammy Awards and included it in the set lists for two of her world tours: the Red Tour (2013–2014) and the Eras Tour (2023–2024).
"All Too Well" charted in Canada and the United States in 2012, and the "Taylor's Version" re-recording peaked atop the Billboard Global 200 and became the longest song to top the US Billboard Hot 100. The song also charted at number one in Australia, Canada, Ireland, Malaysia, New Zealand, and Singapore. Rolling Stone included it at number 69 in their 2021 revision of the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time". Critics praised the "10 Minute Version" for providing a richer context with its additional verses. The short film version of this re-recording received a Grammy nomination for Song of the Year at the 65th Annual Grammy Awards. Swift directed All Too Well: The Short Film to accompany it, which won the Grammy Award for Best Music Video.

Title: Eldest Daughter
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eldest_Daughter
Excerpt: "Eldest Daughter" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her twelfth studio album, The Life of a Showgirl (2025). Written and produced by Swift, Max Martin and Shellback, "Eldest Daughter" is a melancholic piano ballad that incorporates soft rock. Lyrically, it details Swift's narrator pretending to be tough upon facing others' comments on her on the internet, before opening up herself to love and devotion.
Upon release, some critics took the issue with the lyrics as badly written, pointing to the use of internet slang, while some others upheld the vulnerable songwriting and complimented the production. The track peaked at number 11 on the Billboard Global 200 and reached the top 10 in Australia, Canada, Denmark, New Zealand, the Philippines, Singapore, Sweden, and the United States.

Title: Expectations (Olivia Rodrigo song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expectations_(Olivia_Rodrigo_song)
Excerpt: "Expectations" (stylized in all lowercase) is a song by American singer-songwriter Olivia Rodrigo from her third studio album, You Seem Pretty Sad for a Girl So in Love. Rodrigo and Amy Allen wrote it alongside Dan Nigro, who produced it with Mike Wise. The song became available as the album's twelfth track on June 12, 2026, when it was released by Geffen Records.