Title: Royce Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royce_Gracie
Excerpt: Royce Gracie (Portuguese: [ˈʁɔjsi ˈɡɾejsi]; born 12 December 1966) is a Brazilian former professional mixed martial artist. Gracie gained fame for his success in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). He is a member of the Gracie jiu-jitsu family, a UFC Hall of Famer, and is considered to be one of the most influential figures in the history of mixed martial arts (MMA). He also competed in PRIDE Fighting Championships, K-1's MMA events, and Bellator.
In 1993 and 1994, Gracie was the tournament winner of UFC 1, UFC 2 and UFC 4, which were openweight single-elimination tournaments with minimal rules. He used his skills in submission grappling to defeat larger and heavier opponents. He was also known for his rivalry with Ken Shamrock, whom he beat in UFC 1 and then fought to a draw in the rematch for the Superfight Championship at UFC 5. Royce later competed in PRIDE Fighting Championships, where he is most remembered for his 90-minute bout against catch wrestler Kazushi Sakuraba in 2000, and a controversial "judo vs jiu-jitsu" special-rules match against Hidehiko Yoshida, an Olympic gold medalist in judo, at PRIDE Shockwave in 2002.
Royce Gracie's success in the UFC popularized Gracie jiu-jitsu (commonly referred to as "Brazilian" jiu-jitsu) and revolutionized mixed martial arts, contributing to the movement towards grappling and ground fighting. For his pioneering in mixed martial arts, Gracie was the first inductee to the UFC Hall of Fame in 2003 alongside his once-rival Ken Shamrock. He was inducted into the Martial Arts History Museum Hall of Fame in 2007, and later into the International Sports Hall of Fame in 2016.

Title: Renzo Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renzo_Gracie
Excerpt: Renzo Gracie (Portuguese: [ˈʁẽzu ˈɡɾejsi]; born March 11, 1967) is a Brazilian mixed martial artist and 7th degree coral belt Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner and coach. A third generation member of the Gracie family, he is the grandson of Gracie jiu-jitsu co-founder Carlos Gracie, grandnephew of Helio Gracie, nephew of Carlos Gracie Jr. and the son of Robson Gracie.
By the age of 20, Gracie was a multiple-time BJJ champion in Brazil. In mixed martial arts, Renzo has competed in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Pride Fighting Championships, K-1, RINGS, and International Fight League (head-coaching the New York Pitbulls). Gracie  is crediting with training some of the best fighters in North America such as: Georges St-Pierre, Frankie Edgar, Chris Weidman, Matt Serra, Ricardo Almeida, Roy Nelson, Rodrigo Gracie, Paul Creighton, and Shane McMahon. Gracie is also known to have trained Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, President of United Arab Emirates.
Renzo Gracie: Legacy, a 2008 documentary film follows his influence on Brazilian jiu-jitsu and mixed martial arts over a ten-year period, showing the origins of the sport from its bare knuckle days to the explosion of the sport in both Japan and America. In honor of his achievements and contributions to the sport, Gracie was inducted into the ADCC Hall of Fame on February 21, 2022. On January 18, 2023, Gracie was presented with his coral belt in Abu Dhabi by Rickson Gracie.

Title: Rickson Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rickson_Gracie
Excerpt: Rickson Gracie (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈʁiksõ ˈɡɾejsi]; born November 21, 1959) is a Brazilian retired mixed martial artist. He is a member of the Gracie family: the third oldest son of Hélio Gracie, brother to Rorion and Relson Gracie, and half-brother to Rolker, Royce, Robin and Royler Gracie. In the 1980s and 1990s, he was widely considered to be the best fighter of the Gracie clan, and one of the toughest in the world. In July 2017, he was promoted to ninth-degree red belt, the second-highest ranking in Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Rickson Gracie is considered an important pioneer for both Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and mixed martial arts (MMA). He had several vale tudo bouts in Brazil in the 1980s, and in the 1990s Gracie became a high-profile competitor in Japan, having won Vale Tudo Japan 1994 and 1995 tournaments, he also headlined Pride 1 and Pride 4 against popular professional wrestler Nobuhiko Takada, all which are credited to have helped to popularize the sport in Japan. He retired with an undefeated record of 11 wins and no losses, all by submission.

Title: Hélio Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H%C3%A9lio_Gracie
Excerpt: Hélio Gracie (October 1, 1913 – January 29, 2009) was a Brazilian martial artist who together with his brothers Oswaldo, Gastao Jr, George and Carlos Gracie founded and developed the self-defense martial art system of Gracie jiu-jitsu, also known as Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ).
Considered as the Godfather of BJJ, according to his son Rorion, Gracie is one of the first sports heroes in Brazilian history; he was named Man of the Year in 1997 by the American martial arts publication Black Belt magazine. A patriarch of the Gracie family, multiple members of his family have gone on to have successful careers in combat sport competition, including mixed martial arts (MMA). In 2001, he was inducted into the Martial Arts History Museum Hall of Fame.

Title: Kron Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kron_Gracie
Excerpt: Kron Stavik Gracie (born July 11, 1988) is a Brazilian and American mixed martial artist, submission grappler, and instructor. He previously competed in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
A member of the Gracie family of Brazilian jiu-jitsu, he is the son of 9th deg. BJJ red belt Rickson Gracie and a grandson of BJJ co-founder Hélio Gracie. Training jiu-jitsu from a very young age Gracie became a two-time IBJJF World champion and four-time Pan-American champion before receiving his black belt at the age of 19. By 2008 Gracie held a record of 51 consecutive matches won by submission at high level tournaments. After medalling at the Pan-American championship, Gracie became European champion in 2009, World championship silver medallist in 2011 and in 2013 ADCC Submission Fighting World Champion.