Title: Rio de Janeiro
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rio_de_Janeiro
Excerpt: Rio de Janeiro, also known simply as Rio, is the capital and largest city of the state of Rio de Janeiro. It is the second-largest city in Brazil after São Paulo, and the largest by international tourists. It has a population of 6 million in the city proper, and 13 million people in its metropolitan area as of 2025. It is also the sixth-most-populous city in the Americas.
Founded in 1565, the city was initially the seat of the Captaincy of Rio de Janeiro, a domain of the Portuguese Empire. In 1763, it became the capital of the State of Brazil. In 1808, when the Portuguese Royal Court moved to Brazil, Rio de Janeiro became the seat of the court of Queen Maria I of Portugal. Under the leadership of her son, Prince Regent John of Braganza, Maria raised Brazil to the dignity of a kingdom within the United Kingdom of Portugal, Brazil, and Algarves. Rio remained as the capital of the pluricontinental monarchy until 1822, when the Brazilian War of Independence began. This is the only instance in modern history that the capital of a colonizing country officially shifted to a city in one of its colonies. Rio de Janeiro subsequently served as the capital of the Empire of Brazil until 1889, and then the capital of republican Brazil until 1960, when the capital was moved to Brasília.
Rio de Janeiro has the second largest municipal GDP in the country, and 30th-largest in the world as of 2008, estimated at R$343 billion. It is home to the headquarters of major Brazilian oil, mining, and telecommunications companies, including two of the country's largest corporations, Petrobras and Vale, and Latin America's largest telemedia conglomerate, Grupo Globo. The home of many universities and institutes, it is the second-largest center of research and development in Brazil, accounting for 17 percent of national scientific output according to 2005 data. Despite the perception of a high crime rate, the city actually has a lower incidence of crime than most state capitals in Brazil.
Rio de Janeiro is one of the most visited cities in the Southern Hemisphere and is known for its natural settings, carnival, samba, bossa nova, and beaches such as Barra da Tijuca, Copacabana, Ipanema, and Leblon. In addition to the beaches, other landmarks include the statue of Christ the Redeemer atop Corcovado mountain, named one of the New Seven Wonders of the World; Sugarloaf Mountain with its cable car; the Sambódromo, a permanent grandstand-lined parade avenue which is used during Carnival; and Maracanã Stadium, one of the world's largest football stadiums. Rio de Janeiro was the host of the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics, making the city the first South American and Portuguese-speaking city to host these events, and the third time that the Olympics were held in a Southern Hemisphere city. The Maracanã Stadium held the finals of the 1950 and 2014 FIFA World Cups and the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup. The city also hosted the XV Pan American Games in 2007, and the G20 summit in 2024, and will host the FIFA Women's World Cup in 2027.

Title: Río Grande de Santiago
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R%C3%ADo_Grande_de_Santiago
Excerpt: The Río Grande de Santiago, or Santiago River, is a river in western Mexico. It flows westwards from Lake Chapala via Ocotlán through the states of Jalisco and Nayarit to empty into the Pacific Ocean. It is one of the longest rivers in Mexico, measuring up 433 km (269 mi) long.

Title: El Cajón Dam (Mexico)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/El_Caj%C3%B3n_Dam_(Mexico)
Excerpt: The El Cajón Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Río Grande de Santiago in the Mexican state of Nayarit. Construction began in 2003 and was completed in June 2007. It cost US$800 million to build. It is 640 m (2,100 ft) long and is 178 m (584 ft) high. The reservoir holds approximately 5,000,000,000 m3 (1.8×1011 ft3) of water, and the generators are capable of producing 750 MW of electricity. The dam is operated by the Comisión Federal de Electricidad, a state-owned Mexican electric company. Throughout the construction of the El Cajón Dam, the following is estimated:

Rock fill with concrete face dam
A cost of 800 million dollars
An economic benefit of 2 billion pesos (160 million dollars)
The creation of approximately 10,000 direct and indirect jobs
The improvement of access roads that will benefit up to 20,000 inhabitants belonging to 40 communities
An annual mean power generation of 1,228 GWh, approximately 1.5 times the annual consumption of Nayarit
An installed capacity of 750 MW
An approximate annual savings of two million barrels of fuel oil
An increase in the firm power generation of the Aguamilpa Hydroelectric Station, due to the regulation of the Río Grande de Santiago and its effluents in the basin, as well as the diversification of the primary energy sources in the National Electric System.

Title: Aguamilpa Dam
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aguamilpa_Dam
Excerpt: The Aguamilpa Dam is an embankment dam on the Río Grande de Santiago in the Mexican state of Nayarit, 38 km (24 mi) northeast of Tepic. The primary purpose of the dam is hydroelectric power generation and it supplies a 960 MW power station with water. Construction on the dam began in 1989 and it was completed in 1993 while the power station became operational in 1994.

Title: La Yesca Dam
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Yesca_Dam
Excerpt: La Yesca Dam is an embankment dam on the Santiago River 90 km (56 mi) northwest of Guadalajara on the border of Mexico's Nayarit and Jalisco states. Construction on the dam began in 2007 after Empresas ICA was awarded the main construction contract. The dam was inaugurated by President Felipe Calderón on 6 November 2012. The dam supports a 750 MW hydroelectric power station and is part of the Hydroelectric System Santiago. Its construction will improve the regulation of water flow and subsequently power generation downstream at the El Cajón and Aguamilpa Dams.