Title: 2004 Summer Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_Summer_Olympics
Excerpt: The 2004 Summer Olympics (Greek: Θερινοί Ολυμπιακοί Αγώνες 2004, romanized: Theriní Olympiakí Agónes 2004), officially the Games of the XXVIII Olympiad (Αγώνες της 28ης Ολυμπιάδας, Agónes tis 28is Olympiádas), and officially branded as Athens 2004 (Αθήνα 2004), were an international multi-sport event held from 13 to 29 August 2004 in Athens, Greece.
The Games saw 10,625 athletes compete, some 600 more than expected, accompanied by 5,501 team officials from 201 countries, with 301 medal events in 28 different sports. The 2004 Games marked the first time since the 1996 Summer Olympics that all countries with a National Olympic Committee were in attendance, and also marked the first time Athens hosted the Games since their first modern incarnation in 1896 as well as the return of the Olympic games to its birthplace. Athens became the fourth city to host the Summer Olympic Games on two occasions (together with Paris, London and Los Angeles). A new medal obverse was introduced at these Games, replacing the design by Giuseppe Cassioli that had been used since 1928. The new design features the Panathenaic Stadium in Athens rectifying the long-running mistake of using a depiction of the Roman Colosseum rather than a Greek venue.
The 2004 Olympic Games were hailed as "unforgettable dream games" by then-IOC president Jacques Rogge, and left Athens with a significantly improved infrastructure, including a new airport, ring road and subway system. There has been debate (mostly in popular media) regarding the cost of the Games and their possible contribution to the 2010–18 Greek government-debt crisis, although there is little or no evidence supporting this claim. The 2004 Games were generally deemed to be a success, with the rising standard of competition amongst nations across the world. The final medal tally was led by the United States, followed by China and Russia with host nation Greece in 15th place. Several world and Olympic records were also broken during these Games. 
Chile, Chinese Taipei, Dominican Republic, Georgia and Israel won their first Olympic gold medals. Eritrea and Paraguay won their first Olympic medals. 
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) won both their first Olympic medal and gold medal in this event.

Title: Athletics at the 2004 Summer Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Athletics_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics
Excerpt: At the 2004 Summer Olympics, the athletics events were held at the Athens Olympic Stadium from August 18 to August 29, except for the marathons (run from Marathonas to the Kallimarmaro Stadium), the race walks (on the streets of Athens), and the shot put (held at the Ancient Olympia Stadium). A total of 46 events were contested, of which 24 by male and 22 by female athletes.

Title: Swimming at the 2004 Summer Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swimming_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics
Excerpt: The swimming competitions at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens took place from 14 to 21 August 2004 at the Athens Olympic Aquatic Centre in Marousi. It featured 32 events (16 male, 16 female), a total of 937 swimmers from 152 nations, and the program's changes instituted in the previous Games, including notably the three-phase format (heats, semifinals, and final) for all short-distance races (200 metres and under).
Swimmers from the United States continued to dominate the medal tally with a total of 28, earning twelve golds, nine silver, and seven bronze. Australia still maintained the second spot from Sydney in 2000, but produced a total of 15 more medals (seven golds, five silver, and three bronze) to its historical hardware in swimming. Meanwhile, Japan moved from behind to third overall in the medal board with eight medals after a sterling breaststroke double from Kosuke Kitajima. A total of eight world records and twenty-five Olympic records were set during the competition.

Title: Singapore at the 2004 Summer Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics
Excerpt: Singapore competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, from 13 to 29 August 2004. This was the nation's thirteenth appearance at the Olympics, except for two different editions. Singapore was part of the Malaysian team at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, but did not attend at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, because of its support for the United States boycott.
The Singapore National Olympic Council sent a total of sixteen athletes to the Games, six men and ten women, to compete in six different sports. The nation's team size was roughly denser from Sydney by two athletes, being considered its largest delegation since the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. For the first time in its Olympic history, Singapore was represented by more female than male athletes. Eight Singaporean athletes had previously competed in Sydney four years earlier; five of which were swimmers, including four-time Olympian and multiple-time Southeast Asian Games champion Joscelin Yeo. Meanwhile, badminton player Ronald Susilo was appointed by the council to carry the Singaporean flag in the opening ceremony.
Singapore, however, failed to win a single Olympic medal in Athens since the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, where Tan Howe Liang claimed silver in men's weightlifting. Table tennis player Li Jiawei narrowly missed the nation's first ever medal in 44 years, after losing out her match against South Korea's Kim Kyung-Ah for the bronze.

Title: Singapore at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Singapore has sent athletes to the celebration of the Olympic Games since 1948, when it was established as a separate British crown colony from the Straits Settlements just over three months before the commencement of the 1948 Summer Olympics. It continued to send a team to the Games until 1964 when the Singaporean delegation competed with Malaysia, which sent a combined team.
Upon Singapore's full independence from Malaysia in 1965, the country continued to participate in all subsequent editions of the Summer Olympics except in 1980 when the country participated in a large United States–led boycott against the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. Singapore was the host of the inaugural Summer Youth Olympic Games in 2010.
Singapore made its debut at the Winter Olympic Games in 2018, with speed skater, Cheyenne Goh, competing in the short track speed skating event. The Singapore National Olympic Council (SNOC) is the National Olympic Committee for Singapore.