Title: Wet Wet Wet
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_Wet_Wet
Excerpt: Wet Wet Wet are a Scottish soft rock band formed in 1982 in Clydebank by Marti Pellow (lead vocals), Graeme Clark (bass), Graeme Duffin (guitar) and Tommy Cunningham (drums). The bands debut album, Popped In Souled Out (1987) spawned four successful singles, including "Wishing I Was Lucky" and "Angel Eyes (Home and Away)", with the album peaking atop the albums charts in the United Kingdom, selling 1.5 million copies and earning a 5x Platinum certification from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). 
The lead single from their fourth album, Picture This (1995), "Love Is All Around", topped the singles charts in the United Kingdom, Australia, Denmark, Iceland, Sweden and their native Scotland. Spending a total of fifteen consecutive weeks at number one on the UK Singles Charts, it became one of the longest chart reigns of all time in the United Kingdom, where it sold over 1.9 million copies. The band dissolved in 1997 following the release of their fifth album, 10. The band reformed in 2004 with the original members, and released their fifth album, Timeless in 2007. 
The band is currently composed of founding member Graeme Clark (bass, vocals) and lead vocalist Kevin Simm, who replaced founding member Marti Pellow in 2018 after he left during the previous year. Graeme Duffin (lead guitar, vocals) has also been with the band as a touring musician since 1983. The band were named Best British Newcomer at the 1988 Brit Awards.

Title: Wet nurse
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_nurse
Excerpt: A wet nurse is a woman who breastfeeds and cares for another's child. Wet nurses are employed if the mother dies, if she is unable to nurse the child herself sufficiently, or if she chooses not to do so. Wet-nursed children may be known as "milk-siblings", and in some societies, the families are linked by a special relationship of milk kinship. Wet-nursing existed in societies around the world until the invention of reliable formula milk in the 20th century. The practice has made a small comeback in the 21st century.

Title: Toad the Wet Sprocket
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toad_the_Wet_Sprocket
Excerpt: Toad the Wet Sprocket is an American alternative rock band formed in Santa Barbara, California, in 1986. The band at the time consisted of vocalist/guitarist Glen Phillips, guitarist Todd Nichols, bassist Dean Dinning, and drummer Randy Guss, who stopped touring in 2017 and left the band in 2020. They had chart success in the 1990s with singles that included "Walk on the Ocean", "All I Want", "Something's Always Wrong", "Fall Down", and "Good Intentions". 
The band broke up in 1998 to pursue other projects; however, they began touring the United States again in 2006 for short-run tours each summer in small venues. In December 2010, the band announced their official reunion as a full-time working band; they also started writing songs for their first studio album of new material since their 1997 Columbia Records release, Coil. Their most recent full-length album, Starting Now, was released on August 27, 2021, and the compilation All You Want was re-released in 2023. An acoustic album of previous hits, Rings: The Acoustic Sessions, was released in 2026.

Title: Wet Willie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_Willie
Excerpt: Wet Willie is an American southern rock band from Mobile, Alabama. Their best-known song, "Keep On Smilin'", reached No. 10 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart in August 1974. Several other of the group's songs also appeared on the singles charts in the 1970s, which utilized their soulful brand of Southern rock.

Title: Wet (video game)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_(video_game)
Excerpt: Wet is a 2009 third-person shooter action game, developed by Artificial Mind & Movement and published by Bethesda Softworks for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. A PlayStation Portable version was planned, but ultimately cancelled.
Wet's gameplay revolves around killing opponents with both firearms and swords while engaging in acrobatic moves. In its story and setting, Wet follows heroine Rubi Malone (voiced by actress Eliza Dushku), a "problem-solver". Wet's title derives from the euphemism "wet work" – a messy job or task that involves one's hands becoming wet with blood.
Originally set to be published by Sierra Entertainment, Bethesda Softworks eventually announced that they would become Wet's publisher. The game received mixed reviews from critics, garnering praise for its gameplay, music, and production values, but was criticized for its graphics, levels, and lack of innovation. It sold 1 million units. A sequel to the game was announced in 2011, but was cancelled.