Title: Wet Wet Wet
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_Wet_Wet
Excerpt: Wet Wet Wet are a Scottish soft rock band formed in 1982 in Clydebank by Marti Pellow (lead vocals), Graeme Clark (bass), Graeme Duffin (guitar) and Tommy Cunningham (drums). The bands debut album, Popped In Souled Out (1987) spawned four successful singles, including "Wishing I Was Lucky" and "Angel Eyes (Home and Away)", with the album peaking atop the albums charts in the United Kingdom, selling 1.5 million copies and earning a 5x Platinum certification from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). 
The lead single from their fourth album, Picture This (1995), "Love Is All Around", topped the singles charts in the United Kingdom, Australia, Denmark, Iceland, Sweden and their native Scotland. Spending a total of fifteen consecutive weeks at number one on the UK Singles Charts, it became one of the longest chart reigns of all time in the United Kingdom, where it sold over 1.9 million copies. The band dissolved in 1997 following the release of their fifth album, 10. The band reformed in 2004 with the original members, and released their fifth album, Timeless in 2007. 
The band is currently composed of founding member Graeme Clark (bass, vocals) and lead vocalist Kevin Simm, who replaced founding member Marti Pellow in 2018 after he left during the previous year. Graeme Duffin (lead guitar, vocals) has also been with the band as a touring musician since 1983. The band were named Best British Newcomer at the 1988 Brit Awards.

Title: Evita (musical)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Evita_(musical)
Excerpt: Evita is a sung-through musical with music by Andrew Lloyd Webber and lyrics by Tim Rice. It covers the early life, rise to power, charity work, controversies and death of the Argentine political leader Eva Perón, the second wife of the Argentine president Juan Perón.
The musical began as a rock opera concept album released in 1976. Its success led to productions in London's West End in 1978, winning the Laurence Olivier Award for Best Musical, and on Broadway a year later, where it was the first British musical to receive the Tony Award for Best Musical.
This has been followed by a string of professional tours and worldwide productions and numerous cast albums, as well as a 1996 film adaptation. The musical was revived in London's West End in 2006, 2014, 2017, and 2025, and on Broadway in 2012, with a second revival scheduled for 2027.

Title: List of cover versions of Beatles songs
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_cover_versions_of_Beatles_songs
Excerpt: This is a list of cover versions by music artists who have recorded one or more songs written and originally recorded by English rock band the Beatles. Many albums have been created in dedication to the group, including film soundtracks, such as I Am Sam (2001) and Across the Universe (2007) and commemorative albums such as Sgt. Pepper Knew My Father (1988) and This Bird Has Flown (2005).
Artists who have covered songs from the solo careers of the Beatles' members John Lennon, George Harrison, Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr are not included; re-recordings of Beatles songs by the former Beatles; and songs which the Beatles covered are also not included. Non-Beatles songs credited to Lennon–McCartney are also not included.