Title: Ottawa
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ottawa
Excerpt: Ottawa ( , ; Canadian French: [ɔtawɑ] ) is the capital city of Canada. It is located in the southeastern portion of the province of Ontario, at the confluence of the Ottawa River and the Rideau River. Ottawa borders Gatineau, Quebec, and forms the core of the Ottawa–Gatineau census metropolitan area (CMA) and the National Capital Region (NCR). As of 2021, Ottawa had a city population of 1,017,449 and a metropolitan population of 1,488,307, making it the second-most populous in Ontario as well as the fourth-largest city and fourth-largest metropolitan area in Canada.
Ottawa is the political centre of Canada and the headquarters of the federal government. The city houses numerous foreign embassies, key buildings, organizations, and institutions of Canada's government; these include the Parliament of Canada, the Supreme Court, the residence of Canada's viceroy, and the Office of the Prime Minister.
Founded in 1826 as "Bytown", incorporated in 1850, and renamed "Ottawa" in 1855, its original boundaries were expanded through numerous annexations and were ultimately replaced by a new city incorporation and amalgamation in 2001. The municipal government of Ottawa is established and governed by the City of Ottawa Act of the Government of Ontario. It has an elected city council across 24 wards and a mayor elected city-wide, each elected using the first-past-the-post voting election system.
Ottawa has the highest proportion of university-educated residents among Canadian cities and is home to several colleges, universities, and research and cultural institutions, including the University of Ottawa, Carleton University, Algonquin College, Collège La Cité, the National Arts Centre, and the National Gallery of Canada, as well as numerous national museums, monuments, and historic sites. It has a generally high standard of living and is one of the most visited cities in Canada, with over 11 million visitors annually.

Title: Lists of American colleges and universities
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lists_of_American_colleges_and_universities
Excerpt: Below are links to lists of institutions of higher education in the United States (colleges and universities) by geography and other criteria, as well as lists of American institutions located outside the United States and its territories.

Title: Catholic higher education
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catholic_higher_education
Excerpt: Catholic higher education includes universities, colleges, and other institutions of higher education privately run by the Catholic Church, typically by religious institutes. Those tied to the Holy See are specifically called pontifical universities.
By definition, Catholic canon law states that "A Catholic school is understood to be one which is under control of the competent ecclesiastical authority or of a public ecclesiastical juridical person, or one which in a written document is acknowledged as Catholic by the ecclesiastical authority" (Can. 803). Although some schools are deemed "Catholic" because of their identity and a great number of students enrolled are Catholics, it is also stipulated in canon law that "no school, even if it is in fact Catholic, may bear the title 'Catholic school' except by the consent of the competent ecclesiastical authority" (Can. 803 §3). Some institutions are said to be "dependent" on the church.
The Dominican Order was "the first order instituted by the Church with an academic mission", founding studia conventualia in every convent of the order, and studia generalia at the early European universities such as the University of Bologna and the University of Paris. In Europe, most universities with medieval history were founded as Catholic. Many of them were rescinded to government authorities in modern times. Some, however, remained Catholic, while new ones were established alongside the public ones.
Like other private schools, Catholic universities and colleges are generally nondenominational, in that they accept anyone regardless of religious affiliation, nationality, ethnicity, or civil status, provided the admission or enrollment requirements and legal documents are submitted, and rules and regulations are obeyed for a fruitful life on campus. However, non-Catholics, whether Christian or not, may or may not participate in otherwise required campus activities, particularly those of a religious nature.

Title: Wofford College
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wofford_College
Excerpt: Wofford College is a private liberal arts college in Spartanburg, South Carolina, United States. Founded in 1854, it is one of the few four-year institutions in the southeastern United States founded before the American Civil War that still operates on its original campus. The 175-acre (71 ha) campus is a national arboretum.
Wofford was founded with a bequest of $100,000 from Benjamin Wofford, a Methodist minister and Spartanburg native who sought to create a college for "literary, classical, and scientific education in my native district of Spartanburg." The college's Main Building is the oldest structure on campus and was designed by the noted Charleston architect Edward C. Jones. In 1941, the college was awarded a chapter of the honor society Phi Beta Kappa, and the Beta of South Carolina chapter was the first at a private college in South Carolina.

Title: St. John's College, Belize
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._John%27s_College,_Belize
Excerpt: St. John's College (abbreviated as SJC, and locally known as St. John's or John's) is a private Catholic selective secondary school for boys and private co-educational university college, located in Belize City, Belize. Founded in 1887 by the Society of Jesus as St. John Berchmans' College, a high school for boys only, it has since grown and now offers a wide variety of liberal arts and science courses at the secondary, British A-level, and United States junior college levels.
For management purposes, St. John's is organised into three divisions:

St. John's College High School, Belize (oldest, established 1887)
St. John's College Junior College (established 1964)
St. John's College University (established 2023)
Key centres and institutes within the university college are the School of Music, School of Nursing, the Belizean Studies Research Centre, and the MAGIS Center,