Title: Song of the South
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_of_the_South
Excerpt: Song of the South is a 1946 American  musical film directed by Harve Foster and Wilfred Jackson, produced by Walt Disney, and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the Uncle Remus stories as adapted by Joel Chandler Harris, stars James Baskett in his final film role, and features the voices of Johnny Lee, Baskett, and Nick Stewart. The live-action/animated film takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia during the Reconstruction era, a period of American history after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery. The story follows seven-year-old Johnny (Bobby Driscoll) who is visiting his grandmother's (Lucile Watson) plantation for an extended stay. Johnny befriends Uncle Remus (Baskett), an elderly worker on the plantation, and takes joy in hearing his tales about the adventures of Br'er Rabbit (Lee), Br'er Fox, and Br'er Bear (Baskett and Stewart). Johnny learns from the stories how to cope with the challenges he is experiencing while living on the plantation.
Walt Disney had wanted to produce a film based on the Uncle Remus stories for some time. In 1939, he began negotiating with the Harris family for the film rights, and in 1944, filming for Song of the South began. The studio constructed a plantation set, for the outdoor scenes, in Phoenix, Arizona, while other scenes were filmed in Hollywood. The film is predominantly live action, but includes three animated segments, which were later released as stand-alone television features. Some scenes also feature a combination of live action with animation. Song of the South premiered in Atlanta in November 1946 and the remainder of its initial theater run was a financial success. The song  "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" won the 1947 Academy Award for Best Original Song and Baskett received an Academy Honorary Award for his performance as Uncle Remus.
Since its initial release the film has attracted controversy, with critics characterizing its portrayal of African Americans and plantation life as racist. As a result of the film's controversial legacy, Disney has not released Song of the South on any home video format in the United States, and the film has never been available on its streaming platform Disney+. Some of the musical and animated sequences have been released through other means, and the full film has seen home video distribution in other countries. The cartoon characters from the film continued to appear in a variety of books, comics, and other Disney media for many decades after the film's release. The theme park ride Splash Mountain, located at Tokyo Disneyland and formerly located at Disneyland and Magic Kingdom, is based on the film's animated sequences.

Title: South Side (song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Side_(song)
Excerpt: "South Side" is a song written and recorded by American electronica musician Moby. It was released to radio on October 10, 2000, as the seventh single from his fifth studio album, Play (1999). Initially recorded with No Doubt frontwoman Gwen Stefani, production problems forced Moby to leave Stefani's vocals off the mix of the song included on Play; Stefani's vocals were then restored for the song's single release. The drums are sampled from "What's Up Front That Counts" by the Counts.
Although "South Side" was not released as a single in Europe or Australia, it is one of Moby's most commercially successful singles in North America, becoming his first song to appear on the US Billboard Hot 100, where it peaked at number 14. In Canada, the song reached number three on the Canadian Singles Chart.

Title: APT. (song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/APT._(song)
Excerpt: "APT." is a song by New Zealand and South Korean singer Rosé and American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars. It was released through The Black Label and Atlantic Records on 18 October 2024, as the lead single from Rosé's debut studio album, Rosie (2024). "APT." marked Rosé's first solo single in three years and her first release since departing from YG Entertainment and Interscope Records in 2023. The song was written and composed by various contributors, including Rosé and Mars, and includes elements from the 1982 tune "Mickey" by Toni Basil. It is an up-tempo pop, pop rock, pop-punk, and new wave track, featuring indie rock and electropop influences. Inspired by a South Korean drinking game, the song's chorus is built around the game's rhythmic chant of apateu (Korean: 아파트; lit. 'apartment'; pronounced [a̠pʰa̠tʰɯ]).
Critics lauded "APT." for its catchy production, broad cross-cultural appeal, and its role in promoting Korean culture worldwide. It was the best-selling global single of 2025 according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI), marking the first time an artist outside of North America or Europe topped the IFPI Global Single Chart and the first song with non-English lyrics to do so. The song spent 12 weeks atop the Billboard Global 200, becoming Rosé and Mars's second number-one single each and the number-one song on the 2025 year-end chart. In South Korea, it peaked at number one on the Circle Digital Chart for ten weeks. "APT." was the first song by a K-pop female soloist to top Australia's ARIA Singles Chart and the first Western song to top the Billboard Japan Hot 100 in over a decade. The song saw huge global success, topping the charts in over 50 countries including Austria, Belgium, Canada, Germany, Indonesia, New Zealand, Norway, the Philippines, Sweden, Switzerland, and Taiwan. It peaked within the top three in the United Kingdom and the United States, the first song by a K-pop female act to do either.
An accompanying music video was directed by Mars and Daniel Ramos and premiered on Rosé's YouTube channel simultaneously with the single's release. The video featured Rosé and Mars as a garage band wearing matching black leather jackets on a pink-coloured set. The song broke a number of viewership records on YouTube, including becoming the fastest music video by an Asian act to reach one billion views on the platform. "APT." was also the second-fastest song and the fastest by a K-pop artist to reach one billion streams in Spotify history, and the top song of 2025 on Apple Music. Rosé promoted the song through televised performances, including appearances with Mars at the 2024 MAMA Awards and the 68th Annual Grammy Awards. "APT." received numerous accolades, including Song of the Year at the Asia Artist Awards, MAMA Awards, and MTV Video Music Awards, and International Song of the Year at the Brit Awards, making Rosé the first K-pop artist in history to win at the latter. It earned three Grammy Award nominations for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, Record of the Year, and Song of the Year, becoming the most-nominated song by a K-pop artist and the first to be nominated in a Big Four category as a lead artist.

Title: Jump (Blackpink song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jump_(Blackpink_song)
Excerpt: "Jump" (Korean: 뛰어; RR: Ttwieo) is a song by South Korean girl group Blackpink. It was released through YG Entertainment on July 11, 2025, as the lead single from the group's third Korean extended play Deadline (2026). The release marked the group's first song to be distributed by the Orchard instead of Interscope Records. The song was written by Teddy, Diplo, 24, Zikai, Claudia Valentina, Jumpa, Malachiii, and Jesse Bluu and produced by Diplo, 24, Boaz van de Beatz, Zecca, Ape Drums. A hardstyle, Eurodance, and dance-pop anthem incorporating club music, techno and EDM, it marked a sharp departure from their previous pop-centric music.
"Jump" was a commercial success and became Blackpink's third number-one song on the Billboard Global 200 and fourth on the Global Excl. US, making them the female act with the most number ones in the latter's history. It topped the charts in Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, and Vietnam and entered the top ten in Austria, the Czech Republic, Germany, Greece, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, the Netherlands, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Peru, the Philippines, Poland, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, Switzerland, and the United Arab Emirates. The song was certified diamond in France, platinum in Australia and Canada, and gold in New Zealand and the United States.
"Jump" received positive reviews from critics, who complimented the song as a sonic pivot for the group and a statement of independence. It was named one of the best K-pop songs of the year by multiple publications and was recognized by Forbes as the most acclaimed K-pop group song of 2025. "Jump" was also selected as the Song of the Year in a public survey conducted by Gallup Korea in 2025. An accompanying music video was directed by Dave Meyers and released on Blackpink's YouTube channel simultaneously with the single's release. To promote the single, Blackpink debuted it on the Deadline World Tour before its release. The song received several accolades, including Song of the Year at the 2026 Asia Star Entertainer Awards and Best Digital Song at the 40th Golden Disc Awards.

Title: South of Sanity (song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_of_Sanity_(song)
Excerpt: "South of Sanity" is a song recorded by American country music singer Zach Top. It was released in January 2026 as the second single from his second studio album, Ain't in It for My Health. Top co-wrote the song with Carson Chamberlain and Mark Nesler, and was produced by Chamberlain.