Title: Dwight D. Eisenhower
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dwight_D._Eisenhower
Excerpt: Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower (born David Dwight Eisenhower; October 14, 1890 – March 28, 1969) was the 34th president of the United States, serving from 1953 to 1961. In his previous military career, he commanded the Allied Expeditionary Force during World War II, including in Operation Torch in North Africa and Operation Overlord on D-Day in Normandy. For his 37 years of service in the U.S. Army, Eisenhower was honored with the five-star rank of General of the Army in 1944.
Eisenhower graduated from West Point in 1915. During World War I, he was denied a request to serve in Europe and instead commanded a unit that trained tank crews. Between the wars he served in staff positions in the US and the Philippines, reaching the rank of brigadier general shortly before the entry of the US into World War II in 1941. After further promotion Eisenhower oversaw the Allied invasions of North Africa and Sicily before supervising the invasions of France and Germany. After the war ended in Europe, he served as military governor of the American-occupied zone of Germany (1945), as Army Chief of Staff (1945–1948), president of Columbia University (1948–1953), and as the first supreme commander of NATO (1951–1952).
In 1952, Eisenhower entered the presidential race as a Republican, in part to block the presidential prospects of Senator Robert A. Taft, who opposed NATO and sought to undo the New Deal. Eisenhower won that year's election and the 1956 election in landslides, both times defeating Adlai Stevenson II. Eisenhower's main goals in office were to contain the spread of communism and reduce federal deficits.
In 1953, Eisenhower considered using nuclear weapons to end the Korean War and may have threatened China with nuclear attack if an armistice was not reached quickly. China did agree and an armistice resulted, which remains in effect. His New Look policy of nuclear deterrence prioritized "inexpensive" nuclear weapons while reducing funding for expensive Army divisions. He continued Harry S. Truman's policy of recognizing Taiwan as the legitimate government of China, and he won congressional approval of the Formosa Resolution. His administration provided aid to help the French try to fight Vietnamese Communists in the First Indochina War. After the French left, he gave strong financial support to the new state of South Vietnam.
Eisenhower supported regime-changing military coups in Iran and Guatemala orchestrated by his own administration. During the Suez Crisis of 1956, he condemned the Israeli, British, and French invasion of Egypt, and he forced them to withdraw. He also condemned the Soviet invasion during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 but took no action. He deployed 15,000 soldiers during the 1958 Lebanon crisis. Near the end of his term, a summit meeting with the Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev was cancelled when a US spy plane was shot down over the Soviet Union. Eisenhower approved the Bay of Pigs Invasion, which was left to John F. Kennedy to carry out.
Eisenhower continued New Deal agencies and expanded Social Security. He covertly opposed Joseph McCarthy and contributed to the end of McCarthyism by openly invoking executive privilege. He signed the Civil Rights Act of 1957 and sent Army troops to enforce federal court orders which integrated schools in Little Rock, Arkansas. His administration undertook the development and construction of the Interstate Highway System, which remains the largest construction of roadways in American history.
In 1957, following the Soviet launch of Sputnik, Eisenhower led the American response which included the creation of NASA and the establishment of a stronger, science-based education via the National Defense Education Act. The Soviet Union began to reinforce their own space program, escalating the Space Race. His two terms saw unprecedented economic prosperity except for a minor recession in 1958. In his farewell address, he expressed his concerns about the dangers of massive military spending, particularly deficit spending and government contracts to private military manufacturers, which he dubbed "the military–industrial complex". Historical evaluations of his presidency place him among the upper tier of US presidents.

Title: List of Boston University people
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Boston_University_people
Excerpt: This is a list of notable faculty members and alumni of Boston University.

Title: List of British Jewish writers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_British_Jewish_writers
Excerpt: List of British Jewish writers includes writers (novelists, poets, playwrights, journalists, authors of scholarly texts and others) from the United Kingdom and its predecessor states who are or were Jewish or of Jewish descent.

Title: List of New Tricks episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_New_Tricks_episodes
Excerpt: New Tricks is a British police procedural comedy-drama that follows the fictional Unsolved Crime and Open Case Squad (UCOS) of the Metropolitan Police Service. The show was created by Roy Mitchell and Nigel McCrery, and premiered in 2003 with a 90-minute special, which later resulted in show's first full series airing. New Tricks ran for twelve series – from 2003 until 2015 – concluding on 6 October 2015. BBC controller Charlotte Moore and BBC drama controller Ben Stephenson explained the reason behind the show's cancellation on 24 February 2015, stating that "it's important to make room for new series and continue to increase the range of drama on the channel".
The original cast of New Tricks consisted of Amanda Redman, Dennis Waterman, James Bolam, and Alun Armstrong, and were dubbed a "dream team" by the Controller of BBC's Drama Commissioning Ben Stephenson; however, on 18 September 2011, Bolam announced he would be leaving the show. Almost three months later, on 11 January 2012, Denis Lawson was revealed as Bolam's replacement. On 18 August 2012, Redman announced she too would be leaving the show. Just four days later, Armstrong also quit the show. Replacements for Redman and Armstrong were former EastEnders actress Tamzin Outhwaite, who was announced on 8 May 2013, and Nicholas Lyndhurst, best known for his roles in Only Fools and Horses, The Piglet Files, Goodnight Sweetheart, After You’ve Gone and Rock and Chips, whose casting was announced earlier, on 14 November 2012. The show's final remaining original cast member, Waterman, decided to quit the show on 19 September 2014. Following Waterman's departure, former EastEnders and Gavin and Stacey actor Larry Lamb joined the cast.
Waterman, who played Gerry Standing in the police procedural show and had other well-known roles in The Sweeney as DS George Carter and Minder as Terry McCann, died on 8 May 2022.

Title: Timeline of LGBTQ history in the United Kingdom
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_LGBTQ_history_in_the_United_Kingdom
Excerpt: This is a timeline of notable events in the history of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) community in the United Kingdom. There is evidence that LGBTQ activity in the area that is now the United Kingdom existed as far back as the days of Celtic Britain.