Title: Justin Theroux
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Justin_Theroux
Excerpt: Justin Paul Theroux ( thə-ROH; born August 10, 1971) is an American actor. He gained recognition for his partnership with David Lynch on the surrealist art films Mulholland Drive (2001) and Inland Empire (2006). He also appeared in films such as Romy and Michele's High School Reunion (1997), American Psycho (2000), Zoolander (2001), Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle (2003), Miami Vice (2006), The Girl on the Train (2016), Bumblebee (2018), Beetlejuice Beetlejuice (2024), and The Devil Wears Prada 2 (2026).
Theroux was a screenwriter for such comedy films as Tropic Thunder (2008) and Rock of Ages (2012), as well as the superhero film Iron Man 2 (2010). He made his directorial debut with the romantic comedy film Dedication (2007).
Theroux starred as Kevin Garvey in the HBO mystery drama series The Leftovers (2014–2017), for which he received widespread praise and was nominated for the Critics' Choice Television Award for Best Actor in a Drama Series. Other television roles include the recurring role of Joe in Six Feet Under (2003–2004), Dr. James Mantleray in the Netflix miniseries Maniac (2018), Allie Fox in the Apple TV+ adaptation of The Mosquito Coast (2021–2023), and Mr. House in the Amazon Prime Video adaptation of Fallout (2025–present).

Title: The Leftovers (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Leftovers_(TV_series)
Excerpt: The Leftovers is an American supernatural drama television series created by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta that aired on HBO from June 29, 2014, to June 4, 2017. Based on Perrotta's 2011 novel, the series begins three years after the "Sudden Departure", a global event that resulted in 2% of the world's population disappearing. The lives of police chief Kevin Garvey (Justin Theroux) and his family, along with grieving widow Nora Durst (Carrie Coon) and her brother, Reverend Matt Jamison (Christopher Eccleston), are the focal points of the series as they struggle to adjust to life after the Departure.
The pilot was written by Lindelof and Perrotta and directed by Peter Berg. The series stars an ensemble cast led by Theroux and features Amy Brenneman, Christopher Eccleston, Liv Tyler, Chris Zylka, Margaret Qualley, Carrie Coon, Ann Dowd, Regina King, Jovan Adepo, Kevin Carroll, Janel Moloney, and Scott Glenn. The series was renewed for a second season, which premiered on October 4, 2015, and concluded December 6, 2015. On December 10, 2015, at Lindelof's request to be able to conclude the series, HBO renewed it for a third and final season, which premiered on April 16, 2017, and concluded on June 4, 2017. Over the course of the series, 28 episodes aired over three seasons.
The first season received mostly positive reviews, though one negative review criticized the series for being "clunky" and unsubtle. The series underwent a critical reevaluation during its acclaimed second and third seasons, with many critics referring to The Leftovers as one of the greatest television series of all time, with particular praise for its writing, directing, acting (particularly Theroux's and Coon's) and thematic depth. The musical score composed by Max Richter also attracted critical praise. Despite receiving average Nielsen ratings throughout its run, the series has developed a cult following. The series has been compared favorably to Lost, a previous series co-created by Lindelof.

Title: List of The Leftovers episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_The_Leftovers_episodes
Excerpt: The Leftovers is an American supernatural mystery drama television series created and produced by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta, based on Perrotta's novel of the same name. It premiered on HBO on June 29, 2014, and ran for three seasons, ending on June 4, 2017. The series features an ensemble cast that includes Justin Theroux, Amy Brenneman, Christopher Eccleston, Liv Tyler, Chris Zylka, Margaret Qualley, Carrie Coon, Ann Dowd, Regina King, Kevin Carroll and Jovan Adepo. 
The series takes place in a variety of locations, including New York (seasons 1–2), Texas (seasons 2–3) and Victoria, Australia (season 3). It begins three years after the "Sudden Departure", a global event that resulted in 2% of the world's population disappearing, and follows the lives of those who were left behind. 
During the course of the series, 28 episodes of The Leftovers aired over three seasons.

Title: Guest (The Leftovers)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guest_(The_Leftovers)
Excerpt: "Guest" is the sixth episode of the first season of the American supernatural drama television series The Leftovers, based on the novel of the same name by Tom Perrotta. The episode was written by series creator Damon Lindelof and supervising producer Kath Lingenfelter, and directed by Carl Franklin. It was first broadcast on HBO in the United States on August 3, 2014.
The series is set three years after the "Sudden Departure" – an event which saw 2% of the world's population (approximately 140 million people) disappear and profoundly affected the townspeople. The characters of police chief Kevin Garvey and his family (wife Laurie, son Tom, daughter Jill and father Kevin Sr.) are focal points, alongside grieving widow Nora Durst, her brother Reverend Matt Jamison, and the mysterious cult-like organization the Guilty Remnant (GR), led by Patti Levin. In the episode, Nora attends a Departure-related conference in New York City as part of her job at the Department of the Sudden Departure.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 1.47 million household viewers and gained a 0.7 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received critical acclaim, with critics praising Carrie Coon's performance, as well as the writing, character development and emotional tone.

Title: Characters of Final Fantasy XVI
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Characters_of_Final_Fantasy_XVI
Excerpt: Final Fantasy XVI, an action role-playing game developed, published, and released by Square Enix in 2023, is the sixteenth mainline entry in the Final Fantasy series. The game's world design was a collaborative effort between producer Naoki Yoshida, co-director Hiroshi Takai, co-director and lead writer Kazutoyo Maehiro, and art director Hiroshi Minagawa. The characters and Eikon summoned monsters were designed by Kazuya Takahashi, while Michael-Christopher Koji Fox handled localization and helped with writing.
The plot revolves around a resource war in the world of Valisthea, with magical beings dubbed Eikons and their human hosts−Dominants−playing key roles in the conflict. The main protagonist is Clive Rosfield, a son of the Duke of Rosaria who sets out on a quest for revenge after he is betrayed and becomes host of the mysterious Eikon Ifrit. His main companions are Jill Warrick, a former princess of the Northern Territories and Dominant of Shiva; and Cidolfus Telamon, a fighter for abused magic users and Dominant of Ramuh. Other major characters are Joshua Rosfield, Clive's younger brother and Dominant of Phoenix; Hugo Kupka, Dominant of Titan and key political figure in the Dhalmekian Republic; Barnabas Tharmr, king of Waloed and Dominant of Odin; Benedikta Harman, a Waloedan spy and Dominant of Garuda; and Dion Lesage, crown prince of Sanbreque and the Dominant of Bahamut.
The goal was a mature dark fantasy storyline, focusing on themes of love, the interdependence of good and evil, and clashing values. Maehiro created the world first based on the Eikons' central role. The team drew early inspiration from the television series Game of Thrones, alongside classic and contemporary anime. Takahashi's character designs, which are noted for having a light style, were adjusted to be darker and fit the world's aesthetic. The game's dub prioritized European voice actors over American ones, with English recording and motion capture coming before Japanese. Reception of the cast has been positive, with praise often going to Clive's character development and the English performances. Criticism has focused on the portrayal of its story themes. There was additional discussion on both the perceived lack of ethnic diversity in the world and cast, and its inclusion of LGBT characters.