Title: Barbra Streisand
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbra_Streisand
Excerpt: Barbara Joan "Barbra" Streisand ( STRY-sand; born April 24, 1942) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, author, and filmmaker. Over a career spanning more than six decades, she has achieved success across multiple fields of entertainment, earning her all four of the major performing art awards—Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony (EGOT).
Streisand began performing in the early 1960s in nightclubs and Broadway theaters, which led to guest appearances on various television shows. Signing with Columbia Records, Streisand retained full artistic control of her performances in exchange for accepting lower pay—an arrangement that continued throughout her career. Her studio debut The Barbra Streisand Album (1963) won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. During her recording career, Streisand has amassed a total of 31 RIAA platinum-certified albums, including People (1964), The Way We Were (1974), Guilty (1980), The Broadway Album (1985), and Higher Ground (1997). She was the first woman to score 11 number one albums on the US Billboard 200—from People to Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway (2016)—and remains the only artist to top the chart in six decades. Streisand also topped the US Billboard Hot 100 with five singles: "The Way We Were", "Evergreen", "You Don't Bring Me Flowers", "No More Tears (Enough Is Enough)", and "Woman in Love".
In the latter 1960s, after having established success as a vocalist, Streisand ventured into film. She starred in the critically acclaimed Funny Girl (1968), winning the Academy Award for Best Actress. Additional fame on the big screen followed with the extravagant musical Hello, Dolly! (1969), the screwball comedy What's Up, Doc? (1972), and the romantic drama The Way We Were (1973). Streisand won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for writing the love theme from A Star Is Born (1976), the first woman to be honored as a composer. With the release of Yentl (1983), Streisand became the first woman to write, produce, direct, and star in a major studio film. The film won an Oscar for Best Original Score and a Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture Musical. Streisand also received the Golden Globe Award for Best Director, becoming the first (and for 37 years, the only) woman to win that award. Streisand then produced and directed The Prince of Tides (1991), and The Mirror Has Two Faces (1996).
With sales exceeding 150 million records worldwide, Streisand is one of the best-selling recording artists of all time. According to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), she is the third-highest certified female artist in the United States, with 68.5 million certified album units. Billboard ranked Streisand as the greatest solo artist on the Billboard 200 chart, as well as the top Adult Contemporary female artist of all time. Her accolades span ten Grammy Awards, including the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and the Grammy Legend Award; nine Golden Globe Awards; five Emmy Awards; four Peabody Awards; two Academy Awards; the Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award; the Honorary Palme d'Or; and the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Title: Barbra Streisand discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbra_Streisand_discography
Excerpt: Barbra Streisand is an American actress and singer. Her discography consists of 120 singles, 37 studio albums, 12 compilations, 11 live albums, and 15 soundtracks. According to the Recording Industry Association of America, Streisand is the third-best-selling female album artist in the United States with 68.5 million certified albums in the country, and a career total of 200 million sold worldwide  making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time.
With 52 gold and 31 platinum albums, Streisand exceeds all other female singers and all other recording artists other than Elvis Presley. She is the only female artist to have achieved fourteen multi-platinum albums, including the soundtrack for her film A Star Is Born. Her recordings have earned her eight Grammy Awards and the Grammy's Lifetime Achievement Award and Legend Award. According to Billboard, till 2021 Streisand holds the record for the female with the most number one albums (11). Billboard also recognizes Streisand as the greatest female of all time on its Billboard 200 chart and one of the greatest artists of all time on its Billboard Hot 100 chart. She has had No. 1 albums in each of the last six decades, a record not matched by any other artist. Her 2014 Columbia Records album, Partners became her tenth No. 1 album. With a total of 34 Billboard Top 10 albums to her credit since 1963, Streisand holds the records for the most Top 10 albums by a female artist and for the widest span (52 years) between first and latest Top 10 albums by a female recording artist. Her albums Higher Ground (1997), Back to Broadway (1993), Love Is the Answer (2009), Partners (2014) and Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway (2016) all entered the Billboard 200 album chart at No. 1.
She has achieved five No. 1 singles in the US, and is also one of the few acts with top 10 hits in four different decades. In 1974, "The Way We Were" became the first original single by a female artist to achieve the No. 1 song of the year in US. "Woman in Love" from Guilty is one of the best-selling singles of all time in France.
In 1964, Streisand became the first and only female artist to place three albums in the top 10 on Billboard's annual albums chart. Five Streisand albums appeared on the Billboard 200 album chart on October 31, 1964, Streisand held the record for the female with the most albums in the Top 200 simultaneously for nearly half a century, until Whitney Houston had ten albums place in the Billboard 200 chart at the same time after fans learned of her death. In 1982, "Memories" became the UK's best-selling album of the year (where it was released as Love Songs), the first album by a female performer to achieve it. During March 5–19, 1977, Streisand became the first female singer to have a No. 1 album (A Star Is Born) and single (“Evergreen (Love Theme from A Star Is Born)”) in the same week in the US. Streisand's biggest-selling album, Guilty (1980), was a collaboration with Barry Gibb of the Bee Gees and sold over 15 million copies worldwide as well as spawning several hit singles. In the UK, she became the first female solo artist to have a No. 1 album (Guilty) and single ("Woman in Love") in the same week. 25 years later, Streisand and Gibb teamed up again to create Guilty Pleasures, known as Guilty Too in some countries.

Title: The Essential Barbra Streisand
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Essential_Barbra_Streisand
Excerpt: The Essential Barbra Streisand (retitled The Ultimate Collection in some European countries) is the fifth greatest hits album by American singer Barbra Streisand, released on January 29, 2002, by Columbia Records. The compilation features 38 songs from Streisand's catalog, in addition to two previously unreleased tracks (covers of "Someday My Prince Will Come" and "You'll Never Walk Alone"). It includes material from 26 of the singer's albums and was described as a collection of, mainly, her pop songs. A reissued version of the compilation was distributed by Columbia and Legacy Recordings in 2008 and includes a bonus disc featuring nine additional songs from Streisand's discography.
Critically, the album was noted for being a comprehensive and complete view of her discography, unlike her previous greatest hits releases. It topped the charts in Ireland, Scotland, and the United Kingdom, and peaked at number 15 on the Billboard 200 in the United States. The Essential Barbra Streisand also reached the top ten in several countries and was included on four year-end lists. The album has since been certified Platinum in Australia, Europe, New Zealand, Spain, and the United States, and multi-platinum in the United Kingdom.

Title: Funny Girl (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Funny_Girl_(film)
Excerpt: Funny Girl is a 1968 American biographical musical comedy film directed by William Wyler and written by Isobel Lennart, adapted from her book for the stage musical of the same title. It is loosely based on the life and career of comedienne Fanny Brice and her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler Nicky Arnstein.
Produced by Brice's son-in-law Ray Stark (and the first film by his company Rastar), with music and lyrics by Jule Styne and Bob Merrill, the film stars Barbra Streisand (in her film debut reprising her Broadway role) as Brice and Omar Sharif as Arnstein, with a supporting cast featuring Kay Medford (also reprising her Broadway role), Anne Francis, Walter Pidgeon, Lee Allen and Mae Questel.
A major critical and commercial success, Funny Girl became the highest-grossing film of 1968 in the United States and received eight Academy Award nominations at the 41st Academy Awards including Best Picture, with Streisand winning Best Actress. Streisand tied for the award with Katharine Hepburn for The Lion in Winter which marked the first and (as of 2025) only tie to happen in the category's history. In 2006, the American Film Institute ranked the film No. 16 on its list commemorating AFI's Greatest Movie Musicals. Previously it had ranked the film No. 41 in its 2002 list of AFI's 100 Years...100 Passions, the songs "People" and "Don't Rain on My Parade" at No. 13 and No. 46, respectively, in its 2004 list of AFI's 100 Years...100 Songs, and the line "Hello, gorgeous" at No. 81 in its 2005 list of AFI's 100 Years...100 Movie Quotes. Funny Girl is considered one of the greatest musical films ever made.
In 2016, Funny Girl was deemed "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant" by the United States Library of Congress, and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.

Title: List of songs recorded by Barbra Streisand
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_songs_recorded_by_Barbra_Streisand
Excerpt: American entertainer Barbra Streisand has recorded songs for 37 studio albums, 15 soundtracks, 12 compilations, 11 live albums, and has been featured on songs on compilations or other artists' respective albums. She has also written or co-written several of her songs.
According to the Recording Industry Association of America, Streisand is the second-best-selling female album artist in the United States with 68.5 million certified albums in the country, and a career total ranging from 150 to 200 million making her one of the best-selling music artists of all time.
Different recordings of the same songs have been listed separately. For songs released years after being recorded, separate recording and release years have been listed.