Title: Believe (Cher song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Believe_(Cher_song)
Excerpt: "Believe" is a song by the American singer Cher from her 22nd studio album, Believe (1998). It was released as the lead single on October 19, 1998, by Warner Bros. Records. After circulating for months, a demo written by Brian Higgins, Matthew Gray, Stuart McLennen and Timothy Powell was submitted to Warner's chairman, Rob Dickins, while he was scouting for songs to include on Cher's new album. Aside from the chorus, Dickins was not impressed by the track so he enlisted two more writers, Steve Torch and Paul Barry, to complete it. Cher contributed some lyrics but did not receive any songwriting credit. Recording took place at Dreamhouse Studio in West London, while production was handled by Mark Taylor and Brian Rawling.
"Believe" is an upbeat dance-pop and electropop song and departed from Cher's previous music. It featured a pioneering use of the audio processing software Auto-Tune to distort her vocals, which was widely imitated and became known as the "Cher effect". The lyrics describe empowerment and self-sufficiency after a painful breakup. "Believe" received positive reviews; critics praised its production and catchiness, with some deeming it a highlight from the album. The song has been listed as one of Cher's most important releases. At the 42nd Annual Grammy Awards, it was nominated for Record of the Year and won Best Dance Recording, the first and only Grammy Award that Cher has won.
"Believe" topped the record charts in over 23 countries and has sold more than 11 million copies worldwide. It is Cher's most successful single, and one of the best-selling singles in music history. "Believe" was the biggest-selling song of 1998 in the United Kingdom, and remains the highest-selling single by a solo female artist there. In the United States, it was Cher's fifth number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and it topped the Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1999. The accompanying music video (directed by Nigel Dick) was nominated for Best Dance Video at the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards.
Cher has performed the song on many occasions, including the 1999 Brit Awards, the Sanremo Music Festival, as well as on several talk shows and variety programs (in America and abroad). It has since become a fan favorite, and a staple in the setlist of her concert tours. "Believe" has been covered by numerous artists, and it's also been sung or referenced in several feature films and scripted TV shows. Scholars and academics noted the way in which Cher was able to re-invent herself, and yet stay true to her image, while still being able to release music that was fresh and contemporary amidst the more "teen pop"-based music of the period. They also credited the song for restoring Cher's social popularity and further cementing her position as a pop icon. "Believe" earned Cher a place in the Guinness Book of World Records, and Rolling Stone listed it among the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time".

Title: Cultural impact of Cher
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cultural_impact_of_Cher
Excerpt: Cher (born May 20, 1946) is an American entertainer who has influenced popular culture across music, film, television, fashion and activism throughout a career spanning more than six decades. She first reached global audiences as one half of the folk rock duo Sonny & Cher, whose 1965 single "I Got You Babe" became an emblem of the 1960s counterculture. She is the only solo artist to top the US Billboard singles charts in seven consecutive decades and the only performer to hold both an Academy Award for acting and a place in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Widely referred to as the "Goddess of Pop", Cher has been credited by critics with establishing a template of theatrical, provocative, genre-fluid female pop performance, and her elaborate concert productions have influenced stadium-scale pop touring. Ryan Murphy said "it was Cher who turned transformation into an art form", adding that without her, "there might be no Madonna as we know her, no Prince, either". Cher's early solo songs address subjects then largely absent from American popular music, including divorce, prostitution and racism; Billboard has credited her with developing an androgynous musical identity that predated and informed the work of David Bowie and Patti Smith.
Cher has achieved successive returns to commercial prominence through repeated reinvention. Her music video for the 1980 disco single "Hell on Wheels" has been cited as a precursor to the modern music video, and her music video for the 1989 hair metal single "If I Could Turn Back Time"—filmed aboard the battleship USS Missouri—was the first music video banned by MTV. Her 1998 dance album Believe and its title track introduced the stylized use of Auto-Tune, later known as the "Cher effect" and adopted across pop, hip hop and electronic music. Contemporary artists who have cited Cher as an influence include Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Jennifer Lopez and Kanye West.
In television, Cher became a fixture of the variety show format: The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour (1971–1974) drew more than 30 million weekly viewers, with her playing the deadpan comedic lead to Sonny Bono's foil, a role reversal critics have credited with shifting how women were positioned in television comedy; her solo follow-up Cher (1975–1976) hosted David Bowie's American television debut, and Billboard credited Cher with bringing "a rock sensibility to prime-time television". She transitioned to film in the 1980s, winning the Cannes Film Festival Award for Best Actress for Mask (1985) and the Academy Award for Best Actress for Moonstruck (1987); her roles, often portraying independent, self-made women, mirror her public image. Professor Yvonne Tasker has cited her leading-actress career past age 40 as challenging industry norms privileging female youth. Following Cher's Academy Award win in 1988, Ms. magazine named her a defining feminist figure of the decade, and her 1996 retort "Mom, I am a rich man" endures as a feminist statement.
Cher is a fashion icon whose decades-long collaboration with designer Bob Mackie has influenced red-carpet conventions; her 1974 appearance at the Met Gala in a Mackie-designed "naked dress" marked a turning point in the event's red-carpet identity. In 1975, she fought CBS censors and became the first woman to deliberately expose her navel on American network television. Designers including Tom Ford, Marc Jacobs and Anna Sui have cited Cher as an inspiration. She is also a gay icon, recognized for her defiant self-presentation, early incorporation of drag into mainstream performance and long-standing LGBTQ advocacy. Her humanitarian work—channeled through amfAR, Keep a Child Alive and the Cher Charitable Foundation, among others—has addressed LGBTQ rights, veterans' welfare, HIV/AIDS relief, animal rights and advocacy for recognition of the Armenian genocide.