Title: List of people from Texas
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_from_Texas
Excerpt: The following are notable people who were either born, raised or have lived for a significant period of time in the U.S. state of Texas.

Title: Rosewood massacre
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rosewood_massacre
Excerpt: The Rosewood massacre was a racially motivated massacre of Black people and the destruction of a Black town during the first week of January 1923 in rural Levy County, Florida. By the official death toll, at least six Black people were killed, but eyewitness accounts suggested 27 or more deaths. In addition, at least two White people were killed in self-defense by one of the victims. The town of Rosewood was destroyed in what contemporary news reports characterized as a race riot. 
Florida had especially frequent lynchings of Black men in the years before the massacre, including the lynching of Charles Strong and the Perry massacre in 1922. Before the massacre, the town of Rosewood had been a quiet, primarily Black, self-sufficient whistle stop on the Seaboard Air Line Railway. The rioting began when White men from several nearby towns lynched a Black Rosewood man after accusations that a white woman in nearby Sumner had been assaulted by a Black drifter. Subsequently, a mob of several hundred White men combed the countryside hunting for Black people and descended on Rosewood, burning almost every structure. For several days, survivors from the town hid in nearby swamps until they were evacuated to larger towns by train and car. No arrests were made for the murders, assaults, and arson. The town was abandoned by its former Black and White residents and ceased to exist.
Although the rioting was widely reported around the United States at the time, few official records documented it. The survivors, their descendants, and the perpetrators all remained silent for decades. Sixty years later, the story of Rosewood was revived by major media when several journalists covered it in the early 1980s. Survivors and their descendants organized to sue the state for failing to protect Rosewood's Black community. In 1993, the Florida Legislature commissioned a report whose findings led to the state compensating survivors and descendants for the damages of racial violence. The incident was the subject of a 1997 feature film directed by John Singleton. In 2004, the state designated the site of Rosewood as a Florida Heritage Landmark.
The officially recorded death toll during the first week of January 1923 was eight: six Black and two White. Survivors' stories claim up to 27 Black residents were killed, and they also assert that newspapers did not report all deaths of Whites. Minnie Lee Langley, who was in the besieged Carrier house, recalls stepping over many White bodies on the porch when she left. A 1984 newspaper article was skeptical of estimates of up to 150 victims. Several eyewitnesses claim to have seen a mass grave filled with the bodies of Black victims; one witness remembers seeing 26 bodies being covered with a plow brought from Cedar Key. However, by the time authorities investigated these claims, most of the witnesses had died or were too infirm to identify the mass burial site.

Title: Batman (franchise)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Batman_(franchise)
Excerpt: The DC Comics character Batman has been adapted into various media including film, radio, television, and video games, as well as numerous merchandising items. The Batman franchise has become one of the highest-grossing media franchises of all time.

Title: Kristine Miller
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristine_Miller
Excerpt: Kristine Miller (born Jacqueline Olivia Eskesen, June 13, 1925 – 2015) was an American film actress. She appeared in film noir and Westerns. A discovery of Paramount producer Hal Wallis, she appeared in I Walk Alone (1948), Jungle Patrol (1948), Too Late for Tears (1949), Shadow on the Wall (1950), and the TV series Stories of the Century (1954–55).

Title: Freedom Riders
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freedom_Riders
Excerpt: Freedom Riders were civil rights activists who rode interstate buses into the segregated Southern United States in 1961 and subsequent years to challenge the non-enforcement of the United States Supreme Court decisions Morgan v. Virginia (1946) and Boynton v. Virginia (1960), which ruled that segregated public buses were unconstitutional. The Southern states had ignored the rulings and the federal government had done nothing to enforce them. The first Freedom Ride left Washington, D.C., on May 4, 1961, and was scheduled to arrive in New Orleans on May 17.
Boynton outlawed racial segregation in the restaurants and waiting rooms in terminals serving buses that crossed state lines. Five years prior to the Boynton ruling, the Interstate Commerce Commission (ICC) had issued a ruling in Sarah Keys v. Carolina Coach Company (1955) that had explicitly denounced the Plessy v. Ferguson (1896) doctrine of separate but equal in interstate bus travel. The ICC failed to enforce its ruling, and Jim Crow travel laws remained in force throughout the South.
The Freedom Riders challenged this status quo by riding interstate buses in the South in mixed racial groups to challenge local laws or customs that enforced segregation in seating. The Freedom Rides and the violent reactions they provoked bolstered the American civil rights movement,  calling national attention to the disregard for  federal law and the violence used to enforce segregation in the southern United States. Police arrested riders for trespassing, unlawful assembly, violating state and local Jim Crow laws, and other alleged offenses, but often they first let white mobs of counter-protestors attack the riders without intervention.
The Congress of Racial Equality (CORE) sponsored most of the subsequent Freedom Rides, but some were also organized by the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC). The Freedom Rides, beginning in 1961, followed dramatic sit-ins against segregated lunch counters conducted by students and youth throughout the South, and boycotts of retail establishments that maintained segregated facilities.
The Supreme Court's decision in Boynton supported the right of interstate travelers to disregard local segregation ordinances. Southern local and state police considered the actions of the Freedom Riders to be criminal and arrested them in some locations. In some localities, such as Birmingham, Alabama, the police cooperated with Ku Klux Klan chapters and other white people opposing the actions, and allowed mobs to attack the riders.