Title: Ford Escort (Europe)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Escort_(Europe)
Excerpt: The Ford Escort is a small family car that was manufactured by Ford of Europe from 1968 until 2004. In total, the six generations were spread across three basic platforms: the original, rear-wheel-drive Mk.1/Mk.2 (1968–1980), the "Erika" front-wheel-drive Mk.3/Mk.4 (1980–1992), and the final CE-14 Mk.5/Mk.6 (1990–2002) version. Its successor, the Ford Focus, was released in 1998, but the final generation of Escort was phased out gradually, with the panel van version ending production in 2002 in favour of the Ford Transit Connect.
The Escort was frequently the best-selling car in Britain during the 1980s and 1990s. More than 4.1 million Escorts of all generations were sold there over a period of 33 years.
In 2014, Ford revived the Escort name for a car based on the second-generation Ford Focus, sold in the Chinese market.

Title: Force Motors
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Force_Motors
Excerpt: Force Motors Ltd is an Indian multinational automotive manufacturing company, based in Pune. From 1958 to 2005, the company was known as Bajaj Tempo Motors because it originated as a joint venture between Bajaj Auto and Germany's Tempo for manufacturing auto components. The company is known for brands, like the Traveller, Trax, Urbania, Gurkha, Citiline and Monobus.
Force Motors is India's largest van maker. Aside from manufacturing light transport vehicles, Force Motors also makes engines and axles, as well as die-cast aluminium parts. It has partnered with global manufacturers, such as Mercedes, BMW, Rolls-Royce Power Systems, Daimler, ZF, Bosch, VW, Traton and MAN, for manufacturing auto components. The company also exports to various countries in Africa, Latin America, SAARC and ASEAN countries, Gulf and Germany.
Force Motors ranked 317th (2024) on the Fortune India 500 companies list.

Title: Nikhil Nanda
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikhil_Nanda
Excerpt: Nikhil Nanda (born 18 March 1973) is an Indian businessman, currently serving as the Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of Escorts Kubota Limited (formerly Escorts Limited), an Indian multinational engineering conglomerate that specialises in agricultural and construction equipment and machinery. He is a third-generation entrepreneur, being the grandson of Har Prasad Nanda, who founded the company in 1944, and son of Rajan Nanda, who served as the CMD of the group until August 2018.

Title: Ford India
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_India
Excerpt: Ford India Private Limited is a subsidiary of Ford Motor Company for its operations in India. Its headquarters is located in Sholinganallur, Chennai, Tamil Nadu. Ford also had operated integrated manufacturing facilities in Sanand, Gujarat. On September 9, 2021, Ford exited the Indian market as it failed to keep up with the competition, and other global economic factors had led to reduction in demand. On 8 August 2022, Ford announced it would be selling its manufacturing plant in the western state of Gujarat for INR 7.26 billion (approximately US$91.5 million) to Tata Motors. Since 2021, Ford India has focused on the businesses of supporting a service network, import and distribution of automotive parts, and the sale of extended warranties.
Ford India leased back some of its former facilities in Gujarat from Tata Motors for the purpose of manufacturing engines for some export markets. Its engine manufacturing operations continue as of 2025 to a limited extent. Ford India still owns the closed Chennai plant, and is determining its future plans, to be revealed in 2025-26.

Title: Escorts Kubota Limited
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escorts_Kubota_Limited
Excerpt: Escorts Kubota Limited, formerly Escorts Limited, is an Indian multinational conglomerate that operates in the sectors of agricultural machinery, construction machinery, material handling, and railway equipment. Its headquarters are located in Faridabad, Haryana. The company was launched in 1944 and has marketing operations in more than 40 countries. Escorts manufactures tractors, automotive components, railway equipment, and construction and material handling equipment.
Escorts Kubota Limited's management team includes Nikhil Nanda as the Chairman and Managing Director and Seizi Fukuoka as Deputy Managing Director.