Title: Beyoncé albums discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beyonc%C3%A9_albums_discography
Excerpt: American singer Beyoncé has released eight studio albums, five live albums, five compilation albums, one soundtrack album, two karaoke albums, and five EPs. She is one of the best-selling music artists of all time, with estimated sales of over 200 million records. The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) listed Beyoncé as the top certified artist of the 2000s decade, with a total of 64 certifications. 
Beyoncé's career began as the lead vocalist of the girl group Destiny's Child. During the group's hiatus, she released her first solo album, Dangerously in Love (2003), which debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200. With "Crazy in Love" and Dangerously in Love, Beyoncé became the first female artist to top the singles and albums charts simultaneously in both the United States and the United Kingdom. As of 2011, Dangerously in Love had sold 11 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling albums of the 21st century. After the disbandment of Destiny's Child in 2005, Beyoncé released her second studio album, B'Day (2006), which debuted atop the Billboard 200 and was certified five-times platinum by the RIAA. As of 2013, the album had sold over eight million copies worldwide.
Beyoncé's third studio album, I Am... Sasha Fierce (2008), debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 and was certified seven-times platinum by the RIAA. By 2012, the album had sold 10 million copies worldwide. Beyoncé's next three studio albums—4 (2011), Beyoncé (2013), and Lemonade (2016)—all reached number one on the Billboard 200. Beyoncé was surprise-released on the iTunes Store on December 13, 2013, becoming the fastest-selling album on the store worldwide within three days of its release. Lemonade was the best-selling album of 2016, with over 2.5 million copies sold worldwide.
Beyoncé's seventh studio album, Renaissance (2022), became her seventh consecutive album to debut at number one on the Billboard 200 and received a double platinum certification by the RIAA. Cowboy Carter (2024), Beyoncé's eighth studio album, reached number one in various countries worldwide and made her the first female artist to debut her first eight solo albums atop the Billboard 200, as well as the first Black woman to reach number one on the US Top Country Albums chart.
As a part of the Carters, Beyoncé released the collaborative album Everything Is Love (2018) with her husband Jay-Z. She curated the soundtrack album The Lion King: The Gift for the photorealistic animated film The Lion King (2019). Both albums reached number two on the Billboard 200 and received gold certifications by the RIAA. Beyoncé's first four live albums—Live at Wembley (2004), The Beyoncé Experience Live (2007), I Am... Yours: An Intimate Performance at Wynn Las Vegas (2009), and I Am... World Tour (2010)—all received multi-platinum certifications in the United States. Her fifth live album, Homecoming: The Live Album (2019), which chronicles her 2018 Coachella performance, reached number four on the Billboard 200 and received a gold certification by the RIAA.

Title: 4 (Beyoncé album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/4_(Beyonc%C3%A9_album)
Excerpt: 4 is the fourth studio album by the American singer and songwriter Beyoncé. It was released on June 24, 2011, by Parkwood Entertainment and Columbia Records. Recorded from March 2010 to May 2011, the album was produced by Beyoncé alongside Babyface, Jeff Bhasker, Kanye West, Kaskade, Brent Kutzle, and Ryan Tedder of OneRepublic, Switch, and The-Dream, among others. The album features a single lead guest appearance, from André 3000 of Outkast. Following a career hiatus that reignited her creativity, Beyoncé conceived 4 as a record rooted in traditional rhythm and blues that stood apart from contemporary popular music.
4 was Beyoncé's first album after she ended her working relationship with her father and manager Mathew Knowles. She conceived 4 as an intimate album that departed from the commercially oriented music of her past releases. Her collaborations with songwriters and record producers The-Dream, Tricky Stewart, and Shea Taylor resulted in a more subdued tone that incorporates vocal styles and influences from 1970s and 1980s funk, hip-hop, and soul music. The lyrics address monogamy, female empowerment, and self-reflection, reflecting Beyoncé's effort to convey a more mature message and assert artistic credibility.
Beyoncé promoted 4 in mid-2011 through television and festival performances, including a headlining set at the Glastonbury Festival. The album received generally positive reviews by music critics; several publications included it on their year-end lists. In the United States, it became Beyoncé's first album to spend multiple weeks atop the Billboard 200 and has been certified quadruple platinum. The album also peaked at number one in Argentina, Croatia, Ireland, Spain, South Korea, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. Five of its singles reached the Billboard Hot 100: "Run the World (Girls)", "Best Thing I Never Had", "Party", "Love On Top", and "Countdown". At the 55th Annual Grammy Awards (2013), "Love On Top" won Best Traditional R&B Performance.

Title: Beyoncé (album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beyonc%C3%A9_(album)
Excerpt: Beyoncé is the fifth studio album by the American singer and songwriter Beyoncé. A visual album, it was surprise-released on December 13, 2013, through Parkwood Entertainment and Columbia Records. The songs and videos were recorded in secrecy for the unexpected release.
Beyoncé initially worked with various producers and songwriters, inviting them to live in her mansion for a month in mid-2012. After a disruption caused by touring, Beyoncé resumed work in early 2013 and experimented with styles outside contemporary R&B. The result is an electro-R&B record with elements of alternative R&B, electronic, and soul. Its textured, ambient soundscape is characterized by heavy bass, percussion, and synthesizers. Beyoncé's desire to assert full artistic autonomy influenced the album's dark, personal lyrics, which address sexuality and monogamy from a feminist perspective.
Upon release, Beyoncé broke the record for the fastest-selling album in the history of the iTunes Store. It debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 and has been certified six-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. The album also reached number one in Australia, Canada, Croatia, the Netherlands, and Poland. Five songs were released as singles: "Blow", "XO", "Drunk in Love", "Partition", and "Pretty Hurts"; "Drunk in Love" reached number two on the US Billboard Hot 100. The album was reissued as the Platinum Edition on November 24, 2014, and was supported by the Mrs. Carter Show World Tour and the Jay-Z co-headlining On the Run Tour.
Beyoncé received widespread critical acclaim for its experimental production, vocals, and exploration of sexuality; various critics have considered it Beyoncé's magnum opus. At the 57th Annual Grammy Awards in 2015, it won Best Surround Sound Album, and "Drunk in Love" won Best R&B Song and Best R&B Performance. In 2020, Beyoncé was ranked 81st in Rolling Stone's "500 Greatest Albums of All Time" list. The album has been credited with popularizing the contemporary visual album, and its surprise release prompted the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry to change Global Release Day from Tuesday to Friday.

Title: Lemonade (album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lemonade_(album)
Excerpt: Lemonade is the sixth studio album by the American singer and songwriter Beyoncé. It was surprise-released on April 23, 2016, by Parkwood Entertainment and Columbia Records, as a visual album together with a film of the same name. Beyoncé conceived Lemonade as a concept album that explores the historical Black female experience in the United States, allegorized as a personal journey through marital betrayal and healing, and structured as a song cycle based on the Kübler-Ross model.
Categorized by critics as an eclectic, genre-blending album with avant-garde and art pop elements, Lemonade explores a variety of genres including R&B, rock, country, soul, blues, hip-hop, jazz, reggae, pop, gospel, and funk. It features guest vocals from Jack White, the Weeknd, James Blake and Kendrick Lamar. Upon release, it topped charts and received platinum certifications in several countries across Europe, the Americas, and Asia–Pacific, and became the world's best-selling album of the year. The album was supported by five singles and promoted through a series of televised performances, as well as the Formation World Tour—the first all-stadium tour by a female artist.
Lemonade was hailed as an instant classic upon release and has since been named one of the greatest albums of all time. Critics commended the experimental post-genre production and nuanced vocal performance, with particular praise for Beyoncé's raw vulnerability and bold socio-political messaging. It was music critics' top album of 2016 according to the BBC, was named the greatest album of the 2010s decade by publications such as the Associated Press, and topped Rolling Stone's Greatest Albums of the 21st Century list. One of the most Grammy-nominated albums in history, Lemonade won Best Urban Contemporary Album and Best Music Video at the 59th Grammy Awards. It also won a Peabody Award in Entertainment at the 76th Annual Peabody Awards and received four nominations at the 68th Primetime Emmy Awards.
Lemonade is considered a cultural phenomenon, sparking widespread discourse on its personal revelations and socio-political commentary. It had a significant impact on the entertainment industry, inspiring other musicians and visual artists, and ignited trends across music, fashion and pop culture. It has also been the subject of extensive analysis in academic journals, college courses, books, and museum exhibitions.

Title: Renaissance (Beyoncé album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renaissance_(Beyonc%C3%A9_album)
Excerpt: Renaissance (stylized in all caps; also referred to as Act I: Renaissance) is the seventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Beyoncé. It was released on July 29, 2022, by Parkwood Entertainment and Columbia Records. The first installment of a planned trilogy of albums, Renaissance includes guest vocals from Beam, Grace Jones, and Tems.
Beyoncé conceived and recorded Renaissance during the COVID-19 pandemic, intending to inspire joy and escapism in listeners after a period of collective isolation. The album celebrates the club culture that served as a refuge for Black and queer communities, and pays homage to the pioneers who shaped those spaces. Arranged like a continuous DJ mix, Renaissance incorporates post-1970s Black dance music styles—such as disco, house, funk—and pays homage to the overlooked contributions of the pioneers who shaped those genres. Its lyrical themes are primarily centered on escapism, hedonism, confidence, and self-expression.
The album was promoted with the Renaissance World Tour in 2023 and an accompanying concert film. Renaissance topped the charts of eleven countries, including Australia, Canada, France, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, and the United States. In the lattermost country, it became Beyoncé's seventh consecutive album to debut at number one on the Billboard 200, and was certified two-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. Four singles supported the album: the US Billboard Hot 100 number-one "Break My Soul"; "Cuff It", her longest-charting song on the Hot 100; the Europe-only single "Virgo's Groove"; and a remix of "America Has a Problem" featuring rapper Kendrick Lamar.
On release, Renaissance received universal acclaim from music critics, who praised it for its eclectic yet cohesive sound, celebratory tone, and Beyoncé's vocals. It topped year-end lists from major outlets, including The New York Times, Los Angeles Times, and Rolling Stone; the lattermost later included it on its list of the "500 Greatest Albums of All Time". After winning four of her nine nominations at the 65th Annual Grammy Awards—including Best Dance/Electronic Album—Beyoncé became the most awarded individual in Grammy history. The second installment of the trilogy, Cowboy Carter, followed on March 29, 2024.