Title: List of Dune characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Dune_characters
Excerpt: Dune is a science fiction media franchise that originated with the 1965 novel of the same name by American author Frank Herbert. Dune is frequently cited as the best-selling science fiction novel in history, and won the 1966 Hugo Award as well as the inaugural Nebula Award for Best Novel. Herbert wrote five sequels before his death in 1986: Dune Messiah (1969), Children of Dune (1976), God Emperor of Dune (1981), Heretics of Dune (1984), and Chapterhouse: Dune (1985).
Dune follows Paul, the scion of House Atreides, as his family is thrown into the dangerous political intrigues centered on the desert planet Arrakis, only known source of the oracular spice melange, the most important and valuable substance in the universe. The series spans 5,000 years, focusing on Paul and then his various descendants.
Dune was adapted as a 1984 film, and again in two parts, the films Dune (2021) and Dune: Part Two (2024). Additionally, the novel was adapted as a 2000 television miniseries, Frank Herbert's Dune, and the first two sequels were also adapted as a single miniseries, Frank Herbert's Children of Dune, in 2003.
Since 1999, Frank Herbert's son Brian Herbert and science fiction author Kevin J. Anderson have published 15 prequel novels, collected in the series Prelude to Dune (1999–2001), Legends of Dune (2002–2004), Heroes of Dune (2008–2023), Great Schools of Dune (2012–2016), and The Caladan Trilogy (2020–2022). They have also released two sequel novels—Hunters of Dune (2006) and Sandworms of Dune (2007)—which complete the original series.

Title: Barbra Streisand
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbra_Streisand
Excerpt: Barbara Joan "Barbra" Streisand ( STRY-sand; born April 24, 1942) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, author, and filmmaker. Over a career spanning more than six decades, she has achieved success across multiple fields of entertainment, earning her all four of the major performing art awards—Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony (EGOT).
Streisand began performing in the early 1960s in nightclubs and Broadway theaters, which led to guest appearances on various television shows. Signing with Columbia Records, Streisand retained full artistic control of her performances in exchange for accepting lower pay—an arrangement that continued throughout her career. Her studio debut The Barbra Streisand Album (1963) won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. During her recording career, Streisand has amassed a total of 31 RIAA platinum-certified albums, including People (1964), The Way We Were (1974), Guilty (1980), The Broadway Album (1985), and Higher Ground (1997). She was the first woman to score 11 number one albums on the US Billboard 200—from People to Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway (2016)—and remains the only artist to top the chart in six decades. Streisand also topped the US Billboard Hot 100 with five singles: "The Way We Were", "Evergreen", "You Don't Bring Me Flowers", "No More Tears (Enough Is Enough)", and "Woman in Love".
In the latter 1960s, after having established success as a vocalist, Streisand ventured into film. She starred in the critically acclaimed Funny Girl (1968), winning the Academy Award for Best Actress. Additional fame on the big screen followed with the extravagant musical Hello, Dolly! (1969), the screwball comedy What's Up, Doc? (1972), and the romantic drama The Way We Were (1973). Streisand won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for writing the love theme from A Star Is Born (1976), the first woman to be honored as a composer. With the release of Yentl (1983), Streisand became the first woman to write, produce, direct, and star in a major studio film. The film won an Oscar for Best Original Score and a Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture Musical. Streisand also received the Golden Globe Award for Best Director, becoming the first (and for 37 years, the only) woman to win that award. Streisand then produced and directed The Prince of Tides (1991), and The Mirror Has Two Faces (1996).
With sales exceeding 150 million records worldwide, Streisand is one of the best-selling recording artists of all time. According to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), she is the third-highest certified female artist in the United States, with 68.5 million certified album units. Billboard ranked Streisand as the greatest solo artist on the Billboard 200 chart, as well as the top Adult Contemporary female artist of all time. Her accolades span ten Grammy Awards, including the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and the Grammy Legend Award; nine Golden Globe Awards; five Emmy Awards; four Peabody Awards; two Academy Awards; the Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award; the Honorary Palme d'Or; and the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Title: Sam Waterston
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sam_Waterston
Excerpt: Samuel Atkinson Waterston (born November 15, 1940) is an American actor. Waterston is known for his work in theater, television, and film. He has received numerous accolades including a Primetime Emmy Award, Golden Globe Award, and Screen Actors Guild Award as well as nominations for an Academy Award, a Tony Award, and two BAFTA Awards. His acting career has spanned over five decades acting on stage and screen. Waterston received a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2010 and was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 2012.
Waterston studied at the Sorbonne in Paris and the American Actors Workshop. He started his career in theater on the New York City stage, appearing in multiple revivals of Shakespeare. Waterston starred in numerous productions at the Public Theatre including Indians (1969), The Trial of Catonsville Nine (1970), A Doll's House (1975), Hamlet (1975), Measure for Measure (1977), and Benefactors (1980). He portrayed Abraham Lincoln on Broadway in Abe Lincoln in Illinois (1993) where he received a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Play nomination.
On film, he played Nick Carraway in The Great Gatsby (1974) earning a Golden Globe nomination. For his portrayal of Sydney Schanberg in Roland Joffe's The Killing Fields (1984) he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. He has acted in several Woody Allen films including Interiors (1978), Hannah and Her Sisters (1986), September (1987), and Crimes and Misdemeanors (1989). He also acted in Hopscotch (1980),  Heaven's Gate (1980), The Man in the Moon (1991), Serial Mom (1994), Nixon (1995), Miss Sloane (2016) and On the Basis of Sex (2018).
Waterston gained prominence for his portrayal of Jack McCoy on the NBC crime series Law & Order (1994–2010, 2022–2024), for which he received a Screen Actors Guild Award along with Golden Globe Award and Emmy Award nominations. He played Charlie Skinner in Aaron Sorkin's HBO drama series The Newsroom (2012–2014). He was BAFTA nominated for portraying J. Robert Oppenheimer in the BBC miniseries Oppenheimer (1980). He has also acted in Lincoln (1988), Godless (2017), Grace and Frankie (2015–2022), and The Dropout (2022).

Title: Wild Bill Hickok
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wild_Bill_Hickok
Excerpt: James Butler Hickok (May 27, 1837 – August 2, 1876), better known as "Wild Bill" Hickok, was a folk hero of the American Old West known for his life on the frontier as a soldier, scout, lawman, cattle rustler, gunslinger, gambler, showman, and actor, and for his involvement in many famous gunfights. He earned a great deal of fame in his own time, much of it bolstered by the many outlandish and often fabricated tales told and printed about him, occasionally by himself. Some contemporaneous reports of his exploits are known to be fictitious, but they remain the basis of much of his fame and reputation.
Hickok was born and raised on a farm in Northern Illinois at a time when lawlessness and vigilante activity were rampant because of the influence of the "Banditti of the Prairie". Drawn to this criminal lifestyle, he headed west at age 18 as a fugitive from justice, working as a stagecoach driver and later as a lawman in the frontier territories of Kansas and Nebraska. He served in and spied for the Union army during the American Civil War and gained publicity after the war as a scout, marksman, actor, and professional gambler. He was involved in several notable shootouts during the course of his life.
In 1876, Hickok was shot and killed while playing poker in a saloon in Deadwood, Dakota Territory (present-day South Dakota) by Jack McCall, an unsuccessful gambler. The hand of cards that he supposedly held at the time of his death has become known as the dead man's hand: two pairs; black aces and eights, and another unknown card, therefore having five cards in his hand at his death.
Hickok remains a popular figure of frontier history. Many historic sites and monuments commemorate his life, and he has been depicted numerous times in literature, film, and television. He is chiefly portrayed as a protagonist, although historical accounts of his actions are often controversial, and much of his career is known to have been exaggerated both by himself and by contemporary mythmakers. Hickok claimed to have shot numerous gunmen in his lifetime, and he killed six or seven, all between 1861 and 1871 according to Joseph G. Rosa, Hickok's biographer and the foremost authority on him.

Title: George W. Bush
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_W._Bush
Excerpt: George Walker Bush (born July 6, 1946) is an American politician, businessman, and former United States Air Force officer who served as the 43rd president of the United States from 2001 to 2009. A member of the Republican Party, he served as the 46th governor of Texas from 1995 to 2000. He is the eldest son of George H. W. Bush, the 41st president of the United States.
Born into the prominent Bush family in New Haven, Connecticut, Bush flew warplanes in the Texas Air National Guard in his twenties. After graduating from Harvard Business School in 1975, he worked in the oil industry. He later co-owned the Major League Baseball team Texas Rangers before being elected governor of Texas in 1994. As governor, Bush successfully sponsored legislation for tort reform, increased education funding, set higher standards for schools, and reformed the criminal justice system. He also helped make Texas the leading producer of wind-generated electricity in the United States. In the 2000 presidential election, he defeated Democratic incumbent vice president Al Gore while losing the popular vote after a narrow and contested United States Electoral College win, which involved the Supreme Court decision Bush v. Gore to stop a recount in Florida.
In his first term, Bush signed a major tax-cut program and an education-reform bill, the No Child Left Behind Act. He pushed for socially conservative efforts such as the Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act, restrictions on same-sex marriage, and faith-based initiatives. He also initiated the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief, in 2003, to address the global AIDS epidemic. The September 11 attacks during 2001 decisively reshaped his administration, resulting in the start of the war on terror and the creation of the Department of Homeland Security. Bush ordered the invasion of Afghanistan in an effort to overthrow the Taliban, destroy al-Qaeda, and capture Osama bin Laden. He signed the Patriot Act, expanding surveillance powers for suspected terrorists. He also ordered the 2003 invasion of Iraq to overthrow Saddam Hussein's regime, citing claims that it possessed weapons of mass destruction and had ties with al-Qaeda. Bush later signed the Medicare Modernization Act, which created Medicare Part D. In 2004, Bush was re-elected president in a close race, beating Democratic opponent John Kerry and winning the popular vote.
During his second term, Bush negotiated various free trade agreements, appointed John Roberts and Samuel Alito to the Supreme Court, and sought major changes to Social Security and immigration laws, both of which ultimately failed in Congress. He was widely criticized for his administration's handling of Hurricane Katrina and revelations of torture against detainees at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. Amid his unpopularity, the Democrats regained control of Congress in the 2006 elections. Meanwhile, the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq continued. In January 2007, Bush launched a surge of troops in Iraq. As his presidency came to a close, the country experienced a financial crisis, resulting in the Great Recession, prompting his administration and Congress to push through emergency economic measures aimed at stabilizing the financial system, including the Troubled Asset Relief Program.
After his second term, Bush returned to Texas, where he has maintained a low public profile. At various points in his presidency, he was both among the most popular and among the least popular presidents in U.S. history. He received the highest recorded approval ratings in the wake of the September 11 attacks, and one of the lowest ratings during the 2008 financial crisis. Bush left office as one of the most unpopular U.S. presidents; however, public opinion of him has improved in his post-presidency. Scholars and historians generally rank Bush as a below-average president.