Title: Al Ahly SC
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Ahly_SC
Excerpt: Al Ahly Sporting Club (Arabic: النادي الأهلي للرياضة البدنية), commonly known as Al Ahly (Arabic: الأهلي, lit. 'the national'), is a professional sports club based in Cairo, Egypt. The club is mainly known for its professional football team which plays in the Egyptian Premier League, the highest tier in the Egyptian league system. They are known to be the most successful club in world football based on league titles.
Founded on 24 April 1907, the club is renowned for its consistent success at both domestic and continental levels, regularly contending in CAF tournaments. Al Ahly has a record of 45 Egyptian Premier League titles, 39 Egypt Cup titles, and 16 Egyptian Super Cups. In international competitions, Al Ahly has won a record 12 CAF Champions League titles, 1 CAF Confederation Cup, a record of 8 CAF Super Cups, a record of 4 African Cup Winners' Cups, 1 Afro-Asian Club Championship, 1 Arab Club Champions Cup, 1 Arab Cup Winners' Cup, a record of 2 Arab Super Cups, and has won 4 bronze medals in the FIFA Club World Cup.
Al Ahly is the most decorated club in the world with 125 official titles. With 26 continental titles, Al Ahly was voted by CAF as the African club of the 20th century. Al Ahly became the most valuable sports club in Africa, with a market value of €30 million as of the 2023–24 season.

Title: Zamalek SC
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zamalek_SC
Excerpt: Zamalek Sporting Club (Arabic: نادي الزمالك للألعاب الرياضية), commonly referred to as Zamalek, is an Egyptian Club based in Giza, Egypt. The club is best known for its professional men's football team, which plays in the Egyptian Premier League, the top tier of the Egyptian football league system. The club is renowned for its consistent success at both domestic and continental levels, regularly contending in CAF tournaments.
Founded on 5 January 1911 in Cairo as Kasr el-nil club, the club has traditionally worn a white home kit since its inception. The club won its first championship title in 1913. The club is one of the most widely supported in Africa and the Middle East. Zamalek is credited to be the first Egyptian club to participate in the Sultan Hussein Cup in 1917, as a sign of resistance to the British presence in Egypt and a way to display the Egyptian presence in the sport, this encouraged other Egyptian clubs to participate after. In 1941, the club was granted the honorific title after Farouk I and became officially known as Farouk El Awal Club (transl. Farouk I Club), however, since the 1910s, Zamalek was the club's unofficial name and it became official after the 1952 Egyptian revolution.
Domestically, Zamalek established itself as a major force in Egyptian football since the 1920s, as it is the first Egyptian team to win a title in the history of Egyptian football. Zamalek is the first Egyptian club to win Sultan Hussein Cup in 1921, and the first club to win the Egypt Cup in 1922; and the first club to win the Cairo League in 1922–23. In domestic football, the club has won 15 Egyptian Premier League titles, 29 Egypt Cup titles, 4 Egyptian Super Cup titles, 14 Cairo League titles, 2 Sultan Hussein Cup titles, and a record of one title for each of the October League Cup, Egyptian Friendship Cup and Egyptian Confederation Cup. It is one of two clubs that have played in every season of the Egyptian Premier League, and one of seven that have never been relegated to the Egyptian Second Division.
At the international level, Zamalek is the most successful African football club of the 20th century (gaining 9 titles versus 7 for their closest rival), and one of the most successful clubs in the world. They have won five CAF Champions League titles, two CAF Confederation Cup titles, five CAF Super Cup titles and one African Cup Winners' Cup title. It is also the first Egyptian team ever to win the CAF Super Cup in 1994. Zamalek is also considered the Club of the Afro-Asian Century, it was the first Egyptian team to participate in and win the Afro-Asian Cup in 1987; and holds the record for most participations (1987, 1994, and 1997) and most titles after winning it a second time in 1997. Zamalek is also the first Egyptian team to ever qualify for the FIFA Club World Cup when they qualified in 2000 to the 2001 championship, despite the cancellation of the championship later on. Zamalek is regularly contending in CAF tournaments and is one of the most successful clubs in Africa.

Title: Shikabala
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shikabala
Excerpt: Mahmoud Abdelrazek Hassan Fadlala (Arabic: محمود عبد الرازق حسن فضل الله IPA: [mæħˈmuːd ʕæbdelˈɾæːzeʔ, -eɾˈɾæː- fɑdˈlɑllɑ]; born 5 March 1986), nicknamed Shikabala (Arabic: شيكابالا IPA: [ʃikæˈbæːlæ]), is an Egyptian former professional footballer who played as a forward. He is considered one of the best Egyptian football players of all time, having been named "Best Player in Egypt" in numerous polls on various football seasons. His playing style is characterized by dribbling, penetrating, playmaking, and shooting powerfully from long range with his left foot.
He began his football career with the Zamalek youth team before joining the first team. He then joined PAOK of Greece, and Sporting Lisbon of Portugal. He then moved on loan to Al-Wasl of the UAE, Ismaily of Egypt, Al-Raed of Saudi Arabia, and finally Apollon Smyrnis F.C. of Greece, before returning to Zamalek. At international level, he was part of the Egyptian squad that won the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations and also represented his country at the 2018 FIFA World Cup. Shikabala won 18 titles with Zamalek through his illustrious career as a football player. He announced his retirement from professional football in July 2025. He is nicknamed the "Apache" by Egyptian fans, also his nickname "Shikabala" originates from Zambian striker Webster Chikabala.

Title: Zamalek SC Centennial
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zamalek_SC_Centennial
Excerpt: Zamalek Sporting Club Centennial was the 100 anniversary of the founding of Zamalek Sporting Club. The celebration included sporting, social and artistic events, though the main event was the friendly match against Atlético Madrid; it was delayed for more than once because of the consequences of the Egyptian revolution.

Title: Zamalek SC Handball
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zamalek_SC_Handball
Excerpt: Zamalek Handball Club (Arabic: نادي الزمالك لكرة اليد), also called "Commandoz" (Arabic: الكوماندوز) commonly known as Zamalek H.C, or simply as Zamalek SC, is an Egyptian handball team based in Giza, Egypt. It is a part of the Zamalek SC multi sports club, and was founded on 1961. The club competes domestically in the Egyptian League and in the African Champions League It is the most successful handball club in Egypt and Africa with a record number of domestic and international titles.
Zamalek handball team can be considered the greatest team in Africa and the Middle East. one of the league's original teams, Zamalek play their home games at Abdulrahman Fawzi Hall. They play in the Egyptian Handball League without interruption since 1976. Zamalek is the most titled club in the Egyptian Handball Competitions with 46 titles. Also, the team has participated in African Champions League since 1979 and achieved the title 12 times. Zamalek has participated in IHF Super Globe 5 times in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2019, 2021 and Withdraw once in 2018. the team was qualified in 2002 but the CAHB decided qualify Fap Yaounde.
Zamalek is the 1st champion of the African Champions League in its first edition, which began in 1979, 1st Champion of the African Cup Winners' Cup in its first edition, which began in 1985, 1st Egyptian team to win the African Super Cup in 2002, 1st Champion of the Egyptian Cup in its first edition, which began in 1979, Most African teams qualified to in the IHF Super Globe, Only team to win all local championships, league and Cup, Super Cup, Pro Super Cup, Excellence Cup, and league championship without international players. Most successful team in the Egyptian Cup with 16 titles, Most successful team in the Egyptian Super Cup, Most successful team in the Egyptian Cup of Excellence, Achieved a record by winning 6 titles in one season in 2002, 1st Team to retain the African Cup forever after winning it 1979, 1980, 1981. retain Another the African Cup forever after winning it in 2017, 2018, and 2019. It is the most successful team in the African Champions League, 1st Egyptian team to win a continental handball championship, 1st Egyptian and Arab team to win a continental championship in hall games, Most handball team in Africa and the world to achieve continental titles in the 21st century with 18 continental titles. Most Egyptians team in all other games (Football-Basketball-Handball-Volleyball) achieve continental titles with 26 continental titles.
Zamalek is the first team in the world who won Triple, three trophies in a single season, 1978–79. Zamalek is the only African sports club to have become the African champions in both football and handball in the same season, 1986, 2002. Zamalek is the only Egyptian team that achieved 3 African trophies in the same season. 2nd African team that won the Champions League and Winner's Cup in the same season. 3rd Most titled club in the world with international trophies with 26 titles, Ahead of famous German clubs. Zamalek also had a local record by achieving a record of 85 consecutive wins without defeat from 2006–07 to 2009–10.