Title: La Di Da Di
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Di_Da_Di
Excerpt: "La Di Da Di" is a song performed by Doug E. Fresh, who provides the beatboxed instrumental, and MC Ricky D (later known as Slick Rick), who performs the vocals. It was released on August 13, 1985, as the B-side to "The Show" and later that year as the lead track of a promotional single. In 2025, to mark the 40th anniversary of its original release, "La Di Da Di" was issued commercially for the first time as the lead track. This limited edition was released by Fat Beats on November 21, 2025.
The song has since gained a reputation as an early hip hop classic, and it is one of the most sampled songs in history.
It was inducted into the National Recording Registry by the Library of Congress in April 2024.

Title: Why Don't We Get Drunk
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Why_Don%27t_We_Get_Drunk
Excerpt: "Why Don't We Get Drunk" is a novelty song written and performed by American singer-songwriter Jimmy Buffett. It was a B-side to "The Great Filling Station Holdup", the first single from his 1973 album A White Sport Coat and a Pink Crustacean. A fan favorite, the song was almost always performed at Buffett's live concerts until the 2007 Bama Breeze tour, after which it was only performed occasionally.
Buffett wrote the song under the pseudonym Marvin Gardens, derived from a property on the original Atlantic City version of the Monopoly game board.

Title: Drunk in Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drunk_in_Love
Excerpt: "Drunk in Love" is a song by American singer Beyoncé featuring American rapper Jay-Z. The duo wrote the song with the help of its producers Detail, Andre Eric Proctor, Rasool Diaz, Brian Soko, Timbaland, J-Roc and Boots. The song was released as a single from Beyoncé's fifth studio album, Beyoncé, on December 16, 2013. The song features prominent influences of trap music. Its lyrics, which depict female sexuality, are performed in a confident, salacious manner.
Many music critics called the song a follow up to Beyoncé's and Jay-Z's song "Crazy in Love" (2003). "Drunk in Love" peaked at number two on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, spending eight weeks in the top ten. It peaked atop the music chart of South Africa and reached the top ten in France, Ireland, Lebanon, New Zealand, Portugal and the United Kingdom. At the 57th Annual Grammy Awards, "Drunk in Love" won Best R&B Song and Best R&B Performance.
The song's music video was directed by Hype Williams and shot in black-and-white in Golden Beach, Florida at a beach front manse. The visual features scenes of the pair singing the song together. "Drunk in Love" was performed by Beyoncé and Jay-Z at the 56th Grammy Awards. It was later added to the set lists of the second European leg of Beyoncé's The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour in 2013 and the pair's joint On the Run Tour in 2014. Numerous remixes and cover versions of the song were made, including an official remix with American rapper and collaborator of both artists, Kanye West. The music video won the Best Collaboration and was nominated for the Video of the Year at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards.

Title: Drunk (album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drunk_(album)
Excerpt: Drunk is the third studio album by American musician Thundercat, released on February 24, 2017, by Brainfeeder. It features guest appearances from Kenny Loggins, Michael McDonald, Kendrick Lamar, Wiz Khalifa, Mac Miller, Pharrell, Kamasi Washington and Louis Cole. It was released nearly four years after his previous studio album, Apocalypse.
Drunk incorporates a range of stylistic influences, including funk, hip hop, jazz, pop, psychedelia, punk rock, R&B, soft rock, and soul. The album received positive reviews from music critics. A ChopNotSlop remix from OG Ron C, DJ Candlestick, and the Chopstars entitled Drank was released as a special edition purple vinyl record.

Title: Bully (album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bully_(album)
Excerpt: Bully is the twelfth studio album by the American rapper and record producer Kanye West. It was released through YZY and Gamma on March 28, 2026. Guest appearances include Travis Scott, André Troutman, Nine Vicious, CeeLo Green, and Peso Pluma; a deluxe edition, released on June 19, adds Lauryn Hill, Don Toliver, and the Wrldfms Tony Williams. Production was mainly handled by West, Troutman, the Legendary Traxster, Nkenge 1x, and 88-Keys, with contributions from various others. 
West began working on Bully after the release of Vultures 1 and Vultures 2 (2024), and announced it in September 2024. He surprise released multiple work-in-progress versions via X on March 18, 2025, accompanied by the Bully V1 short film, directed by West and edited by Hype Williams. It stars West's son, Saint, who fights New Japan Pro-Wrestling wrestlers with a toy mallet. Following Bully V1, West delayed the album several times while promoting it with two extended play previews in June 2025. In March 2026, he released the album on physical formats. Shortly after, he premiered it at a listening party in Inglewood livestreamed on YouTube, which was then removed. Hours later, Bully was released to streaming services with a different tracklist, along with the music video for "Father". 
Sonically, Bully extensively relies on sampling and interpolations, and West mostly sings instead of rapping. The album features industrial-based production and tracks reminiscent of West's early work, with the lyrics centered on grief, isolation, ego, detachment, and emotional fatigue. Most of West's vocals in the Bully V1 and physical releases were artificial intelligence-generated audio deepfakes. West re-recorded most lyrics with his own vocals for the final release. He updated the mixing for the deluxe edition.
Bully polarized critics, who praised the production but were divided over whether it was a return to form for West or overly imitative of his past work. It debuted and peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 behind BTS's Arirang, and topped the US Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and US Independent Albums charts. The album debuted at the top five in multiple other countries. Following its release, West embarked on the international Ye Live Concert Tour, starting with two concerts at SoFi Stadium, Inglewood, in early April.