Title: Seven Summits
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_Summits
Excerpt: The Seven Summits are the highest mountains on each of the seven traditional continents. On 30 April 1985, Richard Bass became the first climber to reach the summit of all seven.
In January 2023, Climbing said "Today, the Seven Summits are a relatively common—almost cliché—tour of each continent's highest peak", and while reaching the peak of the "Seven Summits" is no longer considered a significant achievement amongst mountaineers, it remains a popular challenge for "adventure mountaineers" using expedition climbing techniques.

Title: Eight-thousander
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eight-thousander
Excerpt: The eight-thousanders are 14 mountains recognised by the International Mountaineering and Climbing Federation (UIAA) with summits that exceed 8,000 metres (26,247 ft) in elevation above sea level and are sufficiently independent of neighbouring peaks as measured by topographic prominence. There is no formally agreed-upon definition of prominence, however, and at times the UIAA has considered whether the list of 8,000-metre peaks should be expanded to 20 peaks by including the major satellite peaks of the canonical 14 eight-thousanders. All of the Earth's eight-thousanders are located in the Himalayan and Karakoram mountain ranges in Asia, and their summits lie in the altitude range known as the death zone, where atmospheric oxygen pressure is insufficient to sustain human life for extended periods of time.
From 1950 to 1964, all 14 of the eight-thousanders were first summited by expedition climbers in the summer season (the first to be summited was Annapurna I in 1950, and the last was Shishapangma in 1964); from 1980 to 2021, all 14 were summited in the winter season (the first to be summited in winter was Mount Everest in 1980, and the last was K2 in 2021). As measured by a variety of statistical techniques, the deadliest eight-thousander is Annapurna I, with one death (of a climber or climbing-support member) for every three summiteers, followed by K2 and Nanga Parbat (each with one death for every four to five summiteers), and then Dhaulagiri and Kangchenjunga (each with one death for every six to seven summiteers).
The first person to summit all 14 eight-thousanders was the Italian climber Reinhold Messner in 1986, who did not use any supplementary oxygen. In 2010, Edurne Pasaban, a Basque Spanish mountaineer, became the first woman to summit all 14 eight-thousanders, though with the aid of supplementary oxygen. In 2011, Austrian Gerlinde Kaltenbrunner became the first woman to summit all 14 eight-thousanders without the aid of supplementary oxygen. In 2013, South Korean Kim Chang-ho set a speed record by climbing all 14 eight-thousanders in 7 years and 310 days, without the aid of supplementary oxygen. In July 2023, Kristin Harila and Tenjen Lama Sherpa set a speed record of 92 days for climbing all 14 eight-thousanders, with supplementary oxygen. In July 2022, Sanu Sherpa became the first person to summit all 14 eight-thousanders twice, which he achieved from 2006 to 2022.

Title: 15th G7 summit
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/15th_G7_summit
Excerpt: The 15th G7 Summit was held in the business district of La Défense to the west of Paris, France between 14 and 16 July 1989.  The venue for the summit meetings was the Grande Arche in Puteaux which was rushed to completion for celebrations marking the bicentennial of the French Revolution and for the world economic summit meeting that was held in the top of the Arche. This event was also called the "Summit of the Arch."
The Group of Seven (G7) was an unofficial forum which brought together the heads of the richest industrialized countries: France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada (since 1976), and the President of the European Commission (starting officially in 1981). The summits were not meant to be linked formally with wider international institutions; and in fact, a mild rebellion against the stiff formality of other international meetings was a part of the genesis of cooperation between France's president Valéry Giscard d'Estaing and West Germany's chancellor Helmut Schmidt as they conceived the first Group of Six (G6) summit in 1975.

Title: Mortgage Professionals Canada
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mortgage_Professionals_Canada
Excerpt: Mortgage Professionals Canada (French: Professionnels Hypothécaires du Canada) is the national association representing Canada's mortgage industry. Mortgage Professionals Canada’s membership included 15,500+ mortgage brokers, mortgage lenders, mortgage insurers and other industry stakeholders.
Mortgage Professionals Canada (formerly the Canadian Association of Accredited Mortgage Professionals or CAAMP) provides the Accredited Mortgage Professional (AMP) designation in Canada (French: CHA), to qualifying mortgage professionals.
Mortgage Professionals Canada provides mortgage professionals with the Accredited Mortgage Professional (AMP) designation - the national designation for professionals in Canada’s mortgage industry.
Mortgage Professionals Canada is also a consumer advocate, educating Canadian consumers about obtaining a mortgage, and providing access to a cross-country network of mortgage professionals.

Title: Cason Crane
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cason_Crane
Excerpt: Cason Crane (born December 2, 1992) is an American entrepreneur and endurance athlete. In 2013, he became the first openly gay mountaineer to scale the Seven Summits. In 2023, he competed on season 1 of the USA Network competition show Race to Survive: Alaska with his sister Bella Crane, finishing in third place.