Title: Glenn Ford
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glenn_Ford
Excerpt: Gwyllyn Samuel Newton Ford (May 1, 1916 – August 30, 2006), known as Glenn Ford, was a Canadian-born American actor. He was most prominent during Hollywood's Golden Age as one of the biggest box-office draws of the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s, and had a career that lasted more than 50 years.
Ford often portrayed ordinary men in unusual circumstances. Although he starred in many genres of film, some of his most significant roles were in the films noir Gilda (1946) and The Big Heat (1953), and the high-school drama Blackboard Jungle (1955). For comedies and Westerns, though, he received acting laurels, including three Golden Globe Award nominations for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, winning for Pocketful of Miracles (1961). He also played a supporting role as Superman's mild-mannered  alter ego Clark Kent's adoptive farmer father, Jonathan Kent, in the first film of the franchise series Superman (1978).
Five of his films have been selected for the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically or aesthetically" significant: Gilda (1946), The Big Heat (1953), Blackboard Jungle (1955), 3:10 to Yuma (1957), and Superman (1978).

Title: Francis Ford (actor)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francis_Ford_(actor)
Excerpt: Francis Ford (born Francis Joseph Feeney; August 14, 1881 – September 5, 1953) was an American film actor, writer and director. He was the mentor and elder brother of film director John Ford. As an actor, director and producer, he was one of the first filmmakers in Hollywood.
He also appeared in many of his brother John's movies as a character actor, including The Informer (1935), Young Mr. Lincoln (1939), and The Quiet Man (1952). He gave a memorable performance as one of the men who is lynched in The Ox-Bow Incident.

Title: List of fictional actors
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_fictional_actors
Excerpt: Fictional stories sometimes feature a fictional movie or play. In these cases, occasionally, a fictional actor appears. In movies, it is not infrequent that a real, famous actor plays the role of a fictional person who is also an actor.

Title: Yellowface
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellowface
Excerpt: Portrayals of East Asians in American film and theatre has been a subject of controversy. These portrayals have frequently reflected an ethnocentric perception of East Asians rather than realistic and authentic depictions of East Asian cultures, colors, customs, and behaviors.
Yellowface, a form of theatrical makeup used by European-American performers to represent an East Asian person (similar to the practice of blackface used to represent African-American characters), continues to be used in film and theater. In the 21st century alone, Grindhouse (in a trailer parody of the Fu Manchu serials), Balls of Fury, I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry, Crank: High Voltage, and Cloud Atlas all feature yellowface or non-East Asian actors as East Asian caricatures.
American media portrayals of East Asians have reflected a dominant Americentric perception rather than realistic and authentic depictions of true cultures, customs and behaviors. Yellowface relies on stereotypes of East Asians in the United States.

Title: List of films with post-credits scenes (2020s)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_films_with_post-credits_scenes_(2020s)
Excerpt: Many films have featured mid- and post-credits scenes. Such scenes often include comedic gags, plot revelations, outtakes, or hints about sequels.