Title: Tate Donovan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tate_Donovan
Excerpt: Tate Buckley Donovan (born September 25, 1963) is an American actor, comedian and television director. He is known for portraying Tom Shayes in Damages, and Jimmy Cooper in The O.C., as well as providing the voice of the title character in the 1997 Disney animated film Hercules and related projects. He starred opposite Sandra Bullock in the 1992 film Love Potion No. 9.
He also had supporting roles in films such as Good Night, and Good Luck and Argo. Donovan also played Brian Sanders in Hostages and White House Chief of Staff Mark Boudreau in 24: Live Another Day. He has been a guest star in a number of television series, notably Friends portraying the character Joshua Burgin. He was nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Supporting Male for his performance in the film Inside Monkey Zetterland.
Donovan has also worked as a producer of 30 for 30 Shorts, for which he won a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Short Form Nonfiction or Reality Series.

Title: Mike Moh
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Moh
Excerpt: Michael Doughcoon Moh (born August 19, 1983) is an American actor and martial artist of Korean descent. A sixth degree black belt in American Taekwondo, Moh is perhaps best known for his roles as martial arts legend Bruce Lee in the 2019 film Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, and Ryu in the web series of Street Fighter: Assassin's Fist (2014) and Resurrection (2016) or in the FOX drama series Empire where he made a few appearances.
He also played Triton in the television series Inhumans.
Moh is also the founder of the LVLUP Martial Arts schools in Madison, Wisconsin.

Title: Isabelle Cornish
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Isabelle_Cornish
Excerpt: Isabelle Cornish (born 22 July 1994) is an Australian actress and model. She is best known for her television roles, particularly in Puberty Blues and Home and Away, and Crystal in the 2017 American television series Inhumans.

Title: Ellen Woglom
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ellen_Woglom
Excerpt: Ellen Woglom (born 1987) is an American actress best known for such films and television series as Crash, Outlaw, Wendy Wu: Homecoming Warrior, Hated, April Showers and Californication.
In 2017, she joined the cast of Inhumans.

Title: Once Upon a Time in Hollywood
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Hollywood
Excerpt: Once Upon a Time… in Hollywood is a 2019 comedy-drama film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. Produced by Columbia Pictures in association with Bona Film Group, Heyday Films, and Visiona Romantica, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing, it is a co-production between the United States, United Kingdom, and China. 
It features an ensemble cast led by Leonardo DiCaprio as Rick Dalton, an aging Western hero; Brad Pitt as his stunt double Cliff Booth; and Margot Robbie as actor Sharon Tate, wife of Roman Polanski. Set in 1969 Los Angeles, the period film follows a fading actor (DiCaprio) and his stunt double (Pitt) as they navigate the rapidly changing film industry. The threat of the Tate murders is looming.
Announced in July 2017, this is Tarantino's first film made without producers Bob and Harvey Weinstein. Tarantino ended his partnership with the brothers following the sexual abuse allegations against Harvey Weinstein. 
After a bidding war, the film was distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing, which met Tarantino's demands, including final cut privilege. Pitt, DiCaprio, Robbie, Zoë Bell, Kurt Russell and others joined the cast between January and June 2018. Principal photography lasted from June to November around Los Angeles. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is the final film to feature Luke Perry, who died on March 4, 2019, and it is dedicated to his memory.
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiered at the Cannes Film Festival on May 21, 2019. There it was shown as a 35 mm film print. The film was released theatrically in the United States on July 26, and in the United Kingdom on August 14. It grossed over $393 million worldwide and received acclaim from critics, although historical inaccuracies and the portrayals of some artists were criticized. The National Board of Review and the American Film Institute named Once Upon a Time in Hollywood as one of the Top-10 films of 2019, and it won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood was nominated for 10 awards at the 92nd Academy Awards, winning two (Best Supporting Actor for Pitt and Best Production Design), and received numerous other accolades. It has since been considered as one of the greatest films of the 2010s and 21st century. The Writers Guild of America ranked the film's screenplay the 22nd-greatest of the 21st century. Tarantino has stated that Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is his favorite film that he has made.
A novelization, written by Tarantino in his debut as an author, was published in 2021. A sequel to the film, The Further Mis-Adventures of Cliff Booth, written by Tarantino and directed by David Fincher, with Brad Pitt in the lead role, is in production and is scheduled to be released in 2026.