Title: List of Community characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Community_characters
Excerpt: Community is an American television sitcom created by Dan Harmon that ran for 110 episodes. The show, set at the fictional Greendale Community College, depicts the on-campus exploits of a close-knit study group. In the pilot, the main cast members are Joel McHale, Gillian Jacobs, Danny Pudi, Yvette Nicole Brown, Alison Brie, Donald Glover, and Chevy Chase. Ken Jeong joined the main cast starting with the second episode, and Jim Rash was promoted to the main cast at the start of the third season. John Oliver, Jonathan Banks, Paget Brewster, and Keith David also played major roles throughout their stints while not actually being credited among the main cast. The series also features recurring characters, mainly fellow students or teachers at Greendale.

Title: Poetry (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poetry_(film)
Excerpt: Poetry (Korean: 시; RR: Si) is a 2010 drama film written and directed by Lee Chang-dong. Starring Yoon Jeong-hee in her first feature credit since 1994 (and the last before her death in 2023), it follows Yang Mi-ja, a suburban woman in her 60s, who begins to develop an interest in poetry while struggling with Alzheimer's disease and her irresponsible grandson.
The film had its world premiere at the main competition of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Best Screenplay award. Other accolades include the Grand Bell Awards for Best Picture and Best Actress, the Blue Dragon Film Awards for Best Actress, the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress, and the Asia Pacific Screen Award for Achievement in Directing and Best Performance by an Actress.
It was theatrically released in South Korea by Next Entertainment World on 13 May 2010.

Title: Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Boonmee_Who_Can_Recall_His_Past_Lives
Excerpt: Uncle Boonmee Who Can Recall His Past Lives (Thai: ลุงบุญมีระลึกชาติ; RTGS: Lung Bunmi Raluek Chat) is a 2010 Thai fantasy drama film written, produced, and directed by Apichatpong Weerasethakul. The film, which explores themes of reincarnation, centers on the last days in the life of its title character, played by Thanapat Saisaymar. Together with his loved ones—including the spirit of his dead wife, Huay, and his lost son, Boonsong, who has returned in a non-human form—Boonmee explores his past lives as he contemplates the reasons for his illness.
The film was inspired by the 1983 book A Man Who Can Recall His Past Lives by Buddhist abbot Phra Sripariyattiweti. The film is the final installment in a multi-platform art project by Apichatpong called "Primitive". It premiered at the 2010 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Palme d'Or, becoming the first Thai film to do so. Several critics and publications consider it to be one of the greatest films ever made.

Title: Drive My Car (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drive_My_Car_(film)
Excerpt: Drive My Car (Japanese: ドライブ・マイ・カー, Hepburn: Doraibu Mai Kā) is a 2021 Japanese drama film directed by Ryusuke Hamaguchi, who co-wrote the screenplay with Takamasa Oe. Based on Haruki Murakami's 2014 short story of the same name, it stars Hidetoshi Nishijima as a theatre director who directs a multilingual production of Uncle Vanya while dealing with the death of his wife. Reika Kirishima, Tōko Miura, Park Yu-rim, Jin Dae-yeon, Sonia Yuan, Ahn Hwitae, Perry Dizon, Satoko Abe, and Masaki Okada also star.
Drive My Car had its world premiere at the 2021 Cannes Film Festival, where it competed for the Palme d'Or and won three awards, including Best Screenplay. The film received widespread critical acclaim with praise towards Hamaguchi's direction and screenplay; many declared it the best film of 2021. It was nominated for four awards at the 94th Academy Awards, winning Best International Feature Film, and received numerous other accolades. Drive My Car was the first Japanese film to receive a Best Picture nomination. It has since been called one of the best films of the 2020s and of the 21st century.

Title: Sinners (2025 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinners_(2025_film)
Excerpt: Sinners is a 2025 American horror film produced, written, and directed by Ryan Coogler. Set in 1932 in the Mississippi Delta, it stars Michael B. Jordan in dual roles as criminal twin brothers who return to their hometown in the Jim Crow South, where they are confronted by a supernatural evil. The film co-stars Hailee Steinfeld, Miles Caton (in his film debut), Jack O'Connell, Wunmi Mosaku, Jayme Lawson, Omar Benson Miller, and Delroy Lindo.
Coogler began developing Sinners through his production company Proximity Media, with Jordan cast in the lead role. The project was announced in January 2024, and after a bidding war, Warner Bros. Pictures acquired distribution rights the following month. Additional roles were cast in April. Principal photography took place from April to July 2024. Longtime Coogler collaborator Ludwig Göransson composed the film's score and served as an executive producer.
Sinners premiered on April 3, 2025, at AMC Lincoln Square in New York City, and was theatrically released in United States on April 18, 2025. It received critical acclaim and was a commercial success, grossing $371 million worldwide against a budget of $90–100 million. The National Board of Review and the American Film Institute listed it among the top ten films of 2025. Sinners garnered many accolades, including a record-breaking 16 nominations at the 98th Academy Awards, winning four: Best Actor (Jordan), Best Original Screenplay (Coogler), Best Cinematography (Autumn Durald Arkapaw, the first woman to win the award), and Best Original Score (Göransson). It also received 13 BAFTA Awards nominations, winning three, including Coogler's win for Best Original Screenplay; four Critics' Choice Awards; two Golden Globe Awards; two Actor Awards (including Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture); and a historic 18 nominations and 13 wins at the 57th NAACP Image Awards, including the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Motion Picture.