Title: Horten
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Horten
Excerpt: Horten () is a municipality in Vestfold county, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Jarlsberg. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Horten. Other population centers in Horten Municipality include the town of Åsgårdstrand and the villages of Nykirke, Skoppum, and Borre. The municipality is located on a peninsula along the Ytre Oslofjord.
The 71-square-kilometre (27 sq mi) municipality is the 340th largest by area out of the 356 municipalities in Norway. Horten is the 42nd most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 27,682. The municipality's population density is 400.5 inhabitants per square kilometre (1,037/sq mi) and its population has increased by 4.1% over the previous 10-year period.
Borre National Park contains the largest known burial site in Scandinavia. It also has the largest collection of king's graves in Scandinavia.
The local newspaper in Horten is named Gjengangeren, and covers mostly local news. The Bastøy Prison is located on the island of Bastøy which is located in the Ytre Oslofjord and is part of the municipality of Horten.

Title: Larvik
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larvik
Excerpt: Larvik (Urban East Norwegian: [ˈlɑ̂rviːk] ) is a municipality in Vestfold county, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Vestfold. The administrative centre of the municipality is the city of Larvik. Other main population centres in the municipality include the town of Stavern and the villages of Gjone, Helgeroa, Hem, Kjose, Kvelde, Nevlunghavn, Skinmo, Svarstad, Ula, Verningen, and Tjøllingvollen.
The 813-square-kilometre (314 sq mi) municipality is the 140th largest by area out of the 356 municipalities in Norway. Larvik is the 21st most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 48,246. The municipality's population density is 62.5 inhabitants per square kilometre (162/sq mi) and its population has increased by 5.9% over the previous 10-year period.
The city of Larvik achieved market town status in 1671, but it did not become a self-governing municipality until 1 January 1838 when the formannskapsdistrikt law went into effect.
Larvik is known as the hometown of Thor Heyerdahl. It is also home to Bøkeskogen, the northernmost beech tree forest in the world. Larvik is the home of Norway's only natural mineral water spring, Farriskilden. Farris Bad, located in Larvik, has been described as one of the best spas in Europe. It has the largest spa department in Scandinavia.

Title: Tokke Municipality
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tokke_Municipality
Excerpt: Tokke (Norwegian pronunciation: [¹tɔkːə]; locally [¹tʊkːɛ]) is a municipality in Telemark county, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Vest-Telemark. The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Dalen. Other villages in the municipality include Åmdals Verk, Eidsborg, Høydalsmo, Lårdal, and Øvre Byrte. The Eidsborg Stave Church is one of Norway's old stave churches and it is located in Eidsborg, just north of Dalen.
The 984.58-square-kilometre (380.15 sq mi) municipality is the 117th largest by area out of the 357 municipalities in Norway. Tokke Municipality is the 268th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 2,242. The municipality's population density is 2.5 inhabitants per square kilometre (6.5/sq mi) and its population has decreased by 0.2% over the previous 10-year period.

Title: Færder
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/F%C3%A6rder
Excerpt: Færder  is a municipality in Vestfold county, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Vestfold. The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Borgheim. Other villages in the municipality include Årøysund, Bjørnevåg, Buerstad, Duken, Glomstein, Grimestad, Hårkollen, Hulebakk, Kjøpmannskjær, Nesbrygga, Ormelet, Oterbekk, Skallestad, Skjerve, Solvang, Strengsdal, Sundene, Svelvik, Tenvik, Tjøme, Torød, Vestskogen, and Vollen.
The 100-square-kilometre (39 sq mi) municipality is the 329th largest by area out of the 356 municipalities in Norway. Færder is the 44th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 27,286. The municipality's population density is 273.6 inhabitants per square kilometre (709/sq mi) and its population has increased by 5.1% over the previous 10-year period.
The Færder National Park, which was established in 2013, comprises islands and sea area east of the municipality. The main visitors' centre for the park is located at Verdens Ende at the southern tip of the island of Tjøme.

Title: Holmestrand Municipality
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holmestrand_Municipality
Excerpt: is a municipality in Vestfold, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Jarlsberg. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Holmestrand. Some of the notable villages in Holmestrand include Eidsfoss, Eikeberg, Gullhaug, Hof, Klever, Sande, Selvik, and Sundbyfoss.
The 432-square-kilometre (167 sq mi) municipality is the 228th largest by area out of the 357 municipalities in Norway. Holmestrand is the 45th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 26,872. The municipality's population density is 62.2 inhabitants per square kilometre (161/sq mi) and its population has increased by 19% over the previous 10-year period.