Title: East Village, Manhattan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/East_Village,_Manhattan
Excerpt: The East Village is a neighborhood on the East Side of Lower Manhattan. It is roughly defined as the area east of the Bowery and Third Avenue, south of 14th Street, and north of Houston Street. The East Village contains three subsections: Alphabet City, in reference to the single-letter-named avenues east of First Avenue; Little Ukraine, near Second Avenue and 6th and 7th Streets; and the Bowery, located around the street of the same name.
The present-day East Village was originally occupied by the Lenape Native people, and was then divided into plantations by Dutch settlers. During the early 19th century, the East Village contained many of the city's most opulent estates. By the middle of the century, it grew to include a large immigrant population – including what was once referred to as Manhattan's Little Germany – and was considered part of the nearby Lower East Side. By the late 1960s, many artists, musicians, students and hippies began to move into the area, and the East Village gained its own identity. Since at least the 2000s, gentrification has changed the character of the neighborhood.
The East Village is part of Manhattan Community District 3, and its primary ZIP Codes are 10003 and 10009. It is patrolled by the 9th Precinct of the New York City Police Department.

 Unlike the West Village, the East Village is not located within Greenwich Village.

Title: Anti-war protests in Russia (2022–present)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-war_protests_in_Russia_(2022%E2%80%93present)
Excerpt: Following the Russo-Ukrainian war on 24 February 2022, anti-war demonstrations and protests broke out across Russia. As well as the demonstrations, a number of petitions and open letters have been penned in opposition to the war, and a number of public figures, both cultural and political, have released statements against the war.
The protests have been met with widespread repression by the Russian authorities. According to OVD-Info, at least 14,906 people were detained from 24 February to 13 March 2022. Human rights organisations and reporters have raised concerns of police brutality during arrests and OVD-Info reported several cases of protesters being tortured under detention. The government has also moved to crackdown on other forms of opposition to the war, including introducing widespread censorship measures. Other individuals who signed anti-war petitions have faced reprisals. After Russian president Vladimir Putin announced a partial mobilization of Russia's military reserves on 21 September, over 2,000 people were detained in mass street protests in the following days.

Title: 2025 in American television
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2025_in_American_television
Excerpt: In American television in 2025, notable events included television show debuts, finales, and cancellations; channel launches, closures, and rebrandings; stations changing or adding their network affiliations; information on controversies, business transactions, and carriage disputes; and deaths of those who made various contributions to the medium.