Title: Benny Blanco
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benny_Blanco
Excerpt: Benjamin Joseph Levin (born March 8, 1988), known professionally as Benny Blanco (stylized in all lowercase), is an American record producer. He is the recipient of the 2013 Hal David Starlight Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame. Blanco has also won five BMI Songwriter of the Year Awards, won the 2017 iHeartRadio Producer of the Year Award, and received eleven Grammy Award nominations.
He was mentored by fellow producer Dr. Luke, who signed him to his production company Kasz Money Productions. Blanco was thereafter credited on various productions with Luke from 2008 to the mid-2010s. Since then, Blanco has contributed to albums and singles that have sold a cumulative 500 million album-equivalent units; having produced or co-written for Ed Sheeran, BTS, Eminem, Justin Bieber, Halsey, Katy Perry, Maroon 5, Christina Aguilera, Kesha, Britney Spears, Rihanna, Sia, the Weeknd, Kanye West, Avicii, Adam Lambert, Charlie Puth, Keith Urban, OneRepublic, Wiz Khalifa, J Balvin, Ariana Grande, Kali Uchis, Juice Wrld, and SZA, among others.
In July 2018, Blanco released his debut single as a lead artist, "Eastside" (with Halsey and Khalid). The song peaked at number nine on the US Billboard Hot 100—marking his 27th top-ten song as a writer, a sum which includes seven number-one singles on the chart—and served as lead single for his debut studio album, Friends Keep Secrets (2018). Its deluxe issue, titled Friends Keep Secrets 2 (2021), spawned the top 40 single "Lonely" (with Justin Bieber). He and his wife Selena Gomez released the album I Said I Love You First in 2025.
Blanco has founded two labels as imprints of Interscope Records—Mad Love Records and Friends Keep Secrets—in 2014, through both of which he has signed acts including Tory Lanez, Jessie Ware, and Cashmere Cat, among others. In October 2025, Blanco left after a short stint as the feral manager of A&M Records and was replaced by former Elektra Records co-president, Gregg Nadel.

Title: Nicki Minaj
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicki_Minaj
Excerpt: Onika Tanya Maraj-Petty (née Maraj; born December 8, 1982), known professionally as Nicki Minaj (  NIK-ee min-AHZH), is a Trinidadian rapper, singer, and songwriter. Dubbed the "Queen of Rap" and one of the most influential rappers of all time, she is noted for her dynamic rap flow, witty lyrics, musical versatility, and alter egos, and is credited as a driving force in the mainstream resurgence of female rap since the 2010s.
Raised in New York City, Minaj began rapping professionally in the early 2000s and gained recognition with her three mixtapes between 2007 and 2009. Minaj's debut studio album, Pink Friday (2010), opened with the largest female rap album sales week of the 21st century, topped the US Billboard 200, and spawned the single "Super Bass". She explored dance-pop on her second US number-one album, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded (2012), which produced the top-five single, "Starships". She returned to her hip-hop roots with The Pinkprint (2014) and Queen (2018), which yielded the singles "Anaconda" and "Chun-Li". Minaj achieved her first Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles with the 2020 duets "Say So" and "Trollz"; the former was the first female rap collaboration to top the chart. Her fifth studio album, Pink Friday 2 (2023), made her the female rapper with the most US number-one albums (three) and spawned her first solo US number-one single, "Super Freaky Girl". Its concert tour became the highest-grossing by a female rapper and one of the top five highest-grossing tours by a rapper in history.
Minaj is one of the world's best-selling music artists and the best-selling female rapper, with over 100 million records sold. She has over 54 million certified singles sold in the US and three diamond-certified singles, and in 2024 became the first female rapper with multiple diamond-certified solo songs (two) by the RIAA. In 2023, Billboard and Vibe ranked Minaj as the greatest female rapper of all time. Her various accolades include a Brit Award, five Billboard Music Awards, nine American Music Awards, eight MTV Video Music Awards (including the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award), eleven BET Awards, a Soul Train Music Award, and three Guinness World Records. Time named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2016, and she was honored with the Billboard Women in Music Game Changer Award in 2019.
Minaj founded the record label imprint Heavy On It in 2023. Outside of music, her other endeavors include a fragrance line, a press on nails line, a Loci sneakers collection, and the radio show Queen Radio (2018–2023). She has also voice acted in the animated films Ice Age: Continental Drift (2012) and The Angry Birds Movie 2 (2019), and acted in the comedy films The Other Woman (2014) and Barbershop: The Next Cut (2016). On television, she served as a judge on the twelfth season of American Idol (2013). Her outspoken views have received significant media attention.

Title: She & Him discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/She_%26_Him_discography
Excerpt: American musical duo She & Him have released seven studio albums, an extended play (EP), 16 singles and 10 music videos. The indie pop band was formed in 2006 in Portland, Oregon, and consists of Zooey Deschanel and M. Ward.
Their debut studio album, Volume One was released by Merge Records in March 2008. In the United States, it reached number seventy-one on the Billboard 200, and has sold over 300,000 copies as of 2014. Two singles were released from the set: "Why Do You Let Me Stay Here?" and "This Is Not a Test". The duo's follow-up release, Volume Two (2010) marked their first entry in different countries worldwide, including the United Kingdom, Australia, Belgium, France, and Switzerland. On the Billboard 200, it debuted at number six with 47,000 copies, becoming their highest-peaking album and sales week to date. Its first single, "In the Sun" reached number four on US Singles Sales, making it the band's most successful single.
Released in October 2011, the band's first Christmas album A Very She & Him Christmas became their best-selling record in the United States, has sold 391,000 copies as of June 2014. Six of its songs, including the single "Baby, It's Cold Outside", charted within the US Holiday Digital Sales. In May 2013, the pair released the fourth studio album Volume 3, which sold 26,000 copies during the first week of release, and debuted at number fifteen on the Billboard 200. It was likely the highest-charting set also available on cassette tape, which comprised about 1 percent of the overall first-week sales. To promote the album, the duo released the digital-only EP The Capitol Studios Session, and two singles, "Never Wanted Your Love" and "I Could've Been Your Girl". The latter work was accompanied by a music video self-directed by Deschanel.
After signing a contract with Columbia Records, the band's major-label debut Classics was released in December 2014, which scored their fourth consecutive number-one album on US Folk Albums. She & Him's second Christmas release, Christmas Party (2016) became their first studio album not to enter the Billboard 200. According to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), She & Him has sold 1.07 million albums as of June 2014. Billboard reported that holiday albums account for 40 percent of their total output.

Title: I Forgot That You Existed
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_Forgot_That_You_Existed
Excerpt: "I Forgot That You Existed" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her seventh studio album, Lover (2019). She wrote and produced the track with Louis Bell and Frank Dukes. "I Forgot That You Existed" is a bubblegum pop, R&B, electropop, and tropical house song that features a pop rap beat, a minimalist production, and lyrics about moving on and feeling indifferent to past pain.
Some music critics praised the song for its sharp lyricism and refreshing nature, while others criticized its concept as confusing. Commercially, "I Forgot That You Existed" reached number 28 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and the top 40 on the national charts of Australia, Canada, and Singapore. It was certified platinum in Australia, Brazil, and New Zealand. Swift performed the track live twice on her sixth concert tour, the Eras Tour (2023–2024).

Title: The Marías
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mar%C3%ADas
Excerpt: The Marías is an American alternative pop band from Los Angeles. They are known for performing songs in both English and Spanish in addition to infusing their music with elements including jazz percussion, guitar riffs, and horn solos. Their core lineup consists of lead vocalist María Zardoya, drummer/producer Josh Conway, guitarist Jesse Perlman, and keyboardist Edward James. The band has released two EPs and two studio albums, including Submarine (2024). They received their first solo Grammy nomination for Best New Artist for the 68th Annual Grammy Awards in 2026.