Title: Tromsø
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Troms%C3%B8
Excerpt: Tromsø is a city in Tromsø Municipality in Troms county, Norway. The city is the administrative centre of the municipality and the county. The city is located on the island of Tromsøya which sits in the Tromsøysundet strait, just off the mainland of Northern Norway. The mainland suburb of Tromsdalen is connected to the city centre on Tromsøya by the Tromsø Bridge and the Tromsøysund Tunnel. The suburb of Kvaløysletta on the island of Kvaløya is connected to the city centre by the Sandnessund Bridge.
The city centre contains the highest number of old wooden houses in Northern Norway, the oldest dating from 1789. Tromsø is a cultural hub for the region, with several festivals taking place in the summer.
The 13.8-square-kilometre (3,400-acre) town has a population (2024) of 42,782 and a population density of 3,100 inhabitants per square kilometre (8,000/sq mi).
In 2026, Tromsø holds the title of European Youth Capital, becoming the northernmost city to ever receive this designation. The year-long programme focuses on empowering young people in the Arctic region and fostering youth participation in local governance.

Title: Conservative Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conservative_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Conservative Party or The Right (Bokmål: Høyre, Nynorsk: Høgre, lit. 'Right', H; Northern Sami: Olgešbellodat) is a liberal-conservative political party in Norway. It is the major party of the Norwegian centre-right, and was the leading party in government as part of the Solberg cabinet from 2013 to 2021. The current party leader is former foreign minister Ine Eriksen Søreide. The party is a member of the International Democracy Union and an associate member of the European People's Party.
The party is traditionally a pragmatic and politically moderate conservative party strongly associated with the traditional elites and members of the far-right within the civil service and Norwegian business life. During the 20th century, the party advocated economic liberalism, tax cuts, individual rights, support of monarchism, the Church of Norway and the Armed Forces, anti-communism, pro-Europeanism, and support of the Nordic model: over time, the party's values have become more socially liberal in areas such as gender equality, LGBTIQ+ rights, and immigration and integration issues; the party defines itself as a party pursuing a "conservative progressive policy based on Christian cultural values, constitutional government and democracy". In line with its Western bloc alignment during the Cold War era, the party strongly supports NATO, which Norway co-founded, and has consistently been the most outspokenly pro-European Union party in Norway, supporting Norwegian membership during both the 1972 and 1994 referendums.
The Conservative Party traditionally caters to anti immigration and elites, it the party is the most popular party among educated elite groups. In the postwar era, the party formed a grand consensus with the Labour Party regarding foreign and security policy—frequently expressed by the maxim "the foreign policy is settled" (utenrikspolitikken ligger fast)—that led Norway to co-found NATO and enter into a close alliance with the United States, and the parties' economic policies have gradually become more similar. Both parties are pragmatic, relatively technocratic, anti-populist, and close to the political centre. The party supports the Nordic model, but also a certain amount of semi-privatisation through state-funded private services.
Founded in 1884, the Conservative Party is the second-oldest political party in Norway after the Liberal Party. In the interwar era, one of the main goals for the party was to achieve a centre-right alliance against the growing labour movement, when the party went into decline. In the post-war era until 2005, the party participated in six governments: two 1960s national governments (Lyng's Cabinet and Borten's Cabinet); one 1980s Conservative Party minority government (Willoch's First Cabinet); two 1980s three-party governments (Willoch's Second Cabinet and Syse's Cabinet); in the 2000s Bondevik's Second Cabinet; and from 2013 to 2021 it was the dominant partner in a coalition government that also included the Christian Democrats and the Liberal Party.

Title: JEF Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/JEF_Norway
Excerpt: JEF Norway (Europeisk Ungdom, literally European Youth) is a youth organization that works for European cooperation and Norwegian membership in the European Union. European Youth is affiliated with the National Council for Norwegian Children and Youth Organizations (LNU) and Young European Federalists (Jeunes Européens fédéralistes (JEF). Together with the European Movement in Norway, European Youth shares office space in the Europehouse in Oslo.

Title: Longyearbyen Community Council
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Longyearbyen_Community_Council
Excerpt: Longyearbyen Community Council (Norwegian: Longyearbyen lokalstyre) is the local government for Longyearbyen in Svalbard, Norway. It has many of the same responsibilities of a municipality. It is organized with a 15-member council which since 2011 has been led by Mayor Christin Kristoffersen of the Labour Party. The council's main responsibilities are infrastructure and utilities, including power, land-use and community planning, education from kindergarten to upper secondary level and child welfare. It operates three kindergartens in addition to the 13-grade Longyearbyen School.

Title: 2024 Nobel Peace Prize
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2024_Nobel_Peace_Prize
Excerpt: The 2024 Nobel Peace Prize, an international peace prize established according to Alfred Nobel's will. It was awarded to Nihon Hidankyo (the Japan Confederation of A- and H-Bomb Sufferers Organizations) for the organization's activism against nuclear weapons, assisted by victim and survivors (known as Hibakusha) of the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945. Nihon Hidankyo received the prize at a ceremony on 10 December 2024 in Oslo, Norway.