Title: Cate Blanchett
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cate_Blanchett
Excerpt: Catherine Élise Blanchett ( BLAN-chit; born 14 May 1969) is an Australian actor and producer. Regarded as one of the best performers of her generation, she is recognised for her versatile work across stage and screen, including independent films and blockbusters. She has received numerous accolades, including two Academy Awards, three Actor Awards, four British Academy Film Awards, and four Golden Globes, as well as nominations for three Primetime Emmy Awards, a Laurence Olivier Award and a Tony Award.
A graduate of the National Institute of Dramatic Art, Blanchett began her career on the Australian stage in 1992 and made her feature film debut in 1997. She came to international prominence for her performance as Queen Elizabeth I in the period drama Elizabeth (1998), for which she received her first Academy Award nomination. She won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her portrayal of Katharine Hepburn in the biopic The Aviator (2004), and Best Actress for playing a neurotic former socialite in the comedy-drama Blue Jasmine (2013). Her other Oscar-nominated roles were in Notes on a Scandal (2006), I'm Not There (2007), Elizabeth: The Golden Age (2007), Carol (2015), and Tár (2022), making her the most-nominated Australian. Her biggest commercial successes include The Lord of the Rings trilogy (2001–2003), its prequel The Hobbit trilogy (2012–2014), Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull (2008), The Curious Case of Benjamin Button (2008), Cinderella (2015), Thor: Ragnarok (2017), Ocean's 8 (2018), and Don't Look Up (2021).
Blanchett has performed in over twenty stage productions. She and her husband, Andrew Upton, were the artistic directors of the Sydney Theatre Company from 2008 to 2013. Some of her stage roles during this period were in revivals of A Streetcar Named Desire, Uncle Vanya, Big and Little and The Maids. She made her Broadway debut in 2017 in The Present, for which she was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Play. She portrayed Phyllis Schlafly in the FX on Hulu miniseries Mrs. America (2020) and a journalist in the Apple TV+ miniseries Disclaimer (2024), both of which earned her nominations for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Limited or Anthology Series or Movie.
Blanchett is the recipient of several honorary awards. The Australian government awarded her the Centenary Medal in 2001, and she was appointed a Companion of the Order of Australia in 2017. In 2012, she was appointed Chevalier of the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government. Blanchett was honoured by the Museum of Modern Art and received the British Film Institute Fellowship in 2015. Time named her one of its 100 most influential people in the world in 2007. In 2018, she was ranked among the world's highest-paid actresses. She also received honorary Doctor of Letters degrees from the University of New South Wales, University of Sydney and Macquarie University.

Title: List of Scooby-Doo characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Scooby-Doo_characters
Excerpt: This is a list of Scooby-Doo characters. Scooby-Doo is an American animated franchise based around several animated television series and animated films, as well as live action movies. There are five main characters in the franchise: Scooby-Doo, Norville "Shaggy" Rogers, Fred Jones, Daphne Blake, and Velma Dinkley—known as "Mystery Incorporated". The original series, Scooby-Doo, Where Are You!, premiered in 1969, and has spawned many follow-up series and several direct-to-DVD movies.

Title: Feodor Chin
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feodor_Chin
Excerpt: Feodor Chin is an American actor, writer, and comedian from San Francisco, California. As an actor, he was classically trained at UCLA, the American Conservatory Theater, and has studied with renowned acting coach, Larry Moss. He was a Maude Night performer at Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre for three seasons. TV credits include Big Little Lies, Good Trouble, American Auto, Pam & Tommy, Medical Police, Lethal Weapon, Jane the Virgin, The Affair, Speechless, and New Girl. Animation credits include the title role in Netflix's Uncle from Another World, Futurama, Marvel's Hit-Monkey and What If...?, and Cartoon Network's Regular Show. He is the voice of Zenyatta and Lee Sin in the hit video games, Overwatch / Overwatch 2 and League of Legends. He was a performer for the ABC Discovers Talent Showcase and a writer for the CBS Diversity Comedy Showcase.

Title: Parasite (2019 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Parasite_(2019_film)
Excerpt: Parasite (Korean: 기생충) is a 2019 South Korean black comedy thriller film directed by Bong Joon Ho, who co-wrote the screenplay with Han Jin-won. It stars Song Kang-ho, Lee Sun-kyun, Cho Yeo-jeong, Choi Woo-shik, Park So-dam, Jang Hye-jin, Park Myung-hoon, and Lee Jung-eun. The film follows a poor family who infiltrate the home and life of a wealthy family.
The script is based on a play Bong wrote in 2013. He later adapted it into a 15-page film draft, which was split into three different drafts by Han. Bong said he was inspired by the Korean film The Housemaid (1960) and the 1930s Christine and Léa Papin incident. Filming ran from May to September 2018 and included cinematographer Hong Kyung-pyo, editor Yang Jin-mo, and composer Jung Jae-il. Parasite premiered on 21 May 2019 at the Cannes Film Festival, where it became the first Korean film to win the Palme d'Or. It was praised for its direction, screenplay, performances, editing, and production design. It was released in South Korea by CJ Entertainment on 30 May, grossing $258 million worldwide on an $11.4 million budget.
Among its numerous accolades, Parasite won the Academy Award for Best Picture at the 92nd Academy Awards, becoming the first non-English-language film to do so. It won an additional three Oscars, for Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, and Best International Feature Film. It is the first South Korean film to receive any Academy Award recognition, and one of only four films overall to win both the Palme d'Or and the Academy Award for Best Picture, the first such achievement in over 60 years. It won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Non-English Language and the BAFTA Award for Best Film Not in the English Language, and became the first non-English-language film to win the Actor Award for Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture. 
Since its release, Parasite has been regarded as Bong's magnum opus and was ranked in the 2022 Sight and Sound poll as the 90th best film of all time. In 2025, The New York Times ranked it as the best movie of the 21st century so far in a list based on a vote by readers, actors, and directors. As of February 2025, an HBO limited television series based on the film is in early development.

Title: List of feature films with lesbian characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_feature_films_with_lesbian_characters
Excerpt: The following is a list of feature films with fictional and factual lesbian characters. The films were released theatrically, direct-to-video, or on a streaming platform (non-linear network).  Films are in alphabetical order by year of release.  Titles beginning with determiners "A", "An", and "The" are alphabetized by the first significant word.