Title: Historic mills of the Atlanta area
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Historic_mills_of_the_Atlanta_area
Excerpt: There were several historic mills around the metro Atlanta area, for which many of its current-day roads are still named.  Most of the mills date back to the 1820s and 1830s, and were built along the area's many streams. The locations of many of these mills are shown on a map of 1875 showing U. S. military operations around Atlanta in 1864. This map is now located in the U. S. Library of Congress but can be seen on the webpage linked here.

Title: Windmill Hill, Kent
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windmill_Hill,_Kent
Excerpt: Windmill Hill is an area of Gravesend, Kent. It is named for its erstwhile windmills, offers extensive views across the Thames, and was a popular spot for Victorian visitors to the town, because of the Camera obscura installed in the old mill and for its tea gardens and other amusements. 
The hill was the site of a beacon in 1377, which was instituted by Richard II, and still in use 200 years later at the time of the Spanish Armada, although the hill was then known as "Rouge Hill". A modern beacon was erected and lit, by then-Mayor Peter Hart, during 1988, for the 400th anniversary of the defeat of the Spanish Armada.
During the reign of Elizabeth I the first windmill was placed on top the highest point in Gravesend, 179 ft (55 m) above the high water mark of the river. One mill burnt down in 1763, but was replaced the following year and was demolished, having become derelict, in 1894 - the last surviving windmill on the hill. The adjacent public house was destroyed by fire during Mafeking Night celebrations in 1900.
In August 1606 King James, Anne of Denmark, her brother Christian IV of Denmark, and Prince Henry came to Upnor Castle. They had dinner aboard the Elizabeth Jonas. After dinner they took coaches to Windmill Hill to watch naval cannon salutes.
During World War I a German airship passed over Windmill Hill and dropped bombs on it. Today there are three markers indicating where these bombs struck.
Windmill Hill is one of Gravesham's 24 conservation areas.  The 'Windmill Hill Association', Gravesham Borough Council looks after matters related to the area and holds regular meetings to discuss local issues.

Title: Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atomic_bombings_of_Hiroshima_and_Nagasaki
Excerpt: On 6 and 9 August 1945, the United States detonated two atomic bombs over the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, respectively, during the final days of World War II. The aerial bombings killed 150,000 to 246,000 people, most of whom were civilians, and remain the first and only uses of nuclear weapons in an armed conflict.
In the final year of World War II, the Allies prepared for a costly invasion of the Japanese mainland. This undertaking was preceded by a conventional bombing and firebombing campaign that devastated 64 Japanese cities, including an operation on Tokyo. The war in Europe concluded when Germany surrendered on 8 May 1945, and the Allies turned their full attention to the Pacific War. By July 1945, the Allies' Manhattan Project had produced two types of atomic bombs: "Little Boy", an enriched uranium gun-type fission weapon, and "Fat Man", a plutonium implosion-type nuclear weapon. The 509th Composite Group of the U.S. Army Air Forces was trained and equipped with the specialized Silverplate version of the Boeing B-29 Superfortress, and deployed to Tinian in the Mariana Islands. The Allies called for the unconditional surrender of the Imperial Japanese Armed Forces in the Potsdam Declaration on 26 July 1945, the alternative being "prompt and utter destruction". The Japanese government ignored the ultimatum. Japan announced its surrender to the Allies on 15 August, six days after the bombing of Nagasaki and the Soviet Union's declaration of war against Japan and invasion of Manchuria. The Japanese government signed an instrument of surrender on 2 September, ending the war.
The consent of the United Kingdom was obtained for the bombing, as was required by the Quebec Agreement, and orders were issued on 25 July by General Thomas T. Handy, the acting chief of staff of the U.S. Army, for atomic bombs to be used on Hiroshima, Kokura, Niigata, and Nagasaki. These targets were chosen because they were large urban areas that also held significant military facilities. On 6 August, a Little Boy was dropped on Hiroshima. Three days later, a Fat Man was dropped on Nagasaki. Over the next two to four months, the effects of the atomic bombings killed 90,000 to 166,000 people in Hiroshima and 60,000 to 80,000 people in Nagasaki; roughly half the deaths occurred on the first day. For months afterward, many people continued to die from the effects of burns, radiation sickness, and other injuries, compounded by illness and malnutrition. Despite Hiroshima's sizable military garrison, estimated at 24,000 troops, some 90% of the dead were civilians.
Scholars have extensively studied the effects of the bombings on the social and political character of subsequent world history and popular culture, and there is still much debate concerning the ethical and legal justification for the bombings as well as their ramifications of geopolitics especially with the context of the Cold War. Supporters argue that the atomic bombings were necessary to bring an end to the war with minimal casualties and ultimately prevented a greater loss of life on both sides, and also assert that the demonstration of atomic weaponry created the Long Peace in the interest of preventing a nuclear war. Conversely, critics argue that the bombings were unnecessary for the war's end and were a war crime, raising moral and ethical implications, and also assert that future use of atomic weaponry is more likely than anticipated and could lead to a nuclear holocaust.

Title: Millennium Mills
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Millennium_Mills
Excerpt: The Millennium Mills is a derelict flour mill from the turn of the 20th century in West Silvertown on the south side of the Royal Victoria Dock, between the Thames Barrier and the ExCeL London exhibition centre alongside the newly built Britannia village, in Newham, London, England. The Mills are currently undergoing a major renovation as part of a £3.5 billion redevelopment of Silvertown.
Along with Millennium Mills, there remains a small section of the now-destroyed Rank Hovis Premier Mill and a restored grade II listed grain silo, labelled the "D" silo. Described by the Evening Standard in 2009 as a "decaying industrial anachronism standing defiant and alone in the surrounding subtopia", the Millennium Mills has become a well-loved icon of post-industrial Britain and has made its way into many aspects of popular culture, being used as a backdrop in films and television shows such as Ashes to Ashes, London's Burning, and Derek Jarman's The Last of England. Millennium Mills is also a destination for Urban Explorers despite high security, dangers of structural weakness, ten-storey drops, and asbestos, and there are many reports and internal photos of the site.

Title: Inglis Barracks
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inglis_Barracks
Excerpt: Inglis Barracks was a military installation in Mill Hill, London, NW7.  It was also referred to as Mill Hill Barracks.  The site has been redeveloped and now contains a variety of modern housing.