Title: College
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/College
Excerpt: A college (Latin: collegium) is an educational institution. Within tertiary education, it may be a part of a collegiate university, an academic division within a university, or a standalone institution providing undergraduate education (and sometimes awarding academic degrees). It may also be an institution providing further education, vocational education, or secondary education.
In most of the world, a college may be a high school or secondary school, a college of further education, a training institution that awards trade qualifications, a higher-education provider that does not have university status (often without its own degree-awarding powers), or a constituent part of a university. In the United States, a college may offer undergraduate programs – either as an independent institution or as the undergraduate program of a university – or it may be a residential college of a university or a community college, referring to (primarily public) higher-education institution that aim to provide affordable and accessible education, usually limited to two-year associate degrees. The word "college" is also commonly used as a synonym for a university in the United States, and in phrases such as "college students" or "going to college" it is understood to mean any degree granting institution, whether denominated a school, an institute, a college, or a university.  
Colleges in countries such as France, Belgium, and Switzerland provide secondary education.

Title: Lists of American colleges and universities
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lists_of_American_colleges_and_universities
Excerpt: Below are links to lists of institutions of higher education in the United States (colleges and universities) by geography and other criteria, as well as lists of American institutions located outside the United States and its territories.

Title: List of Durham University people
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Durham_University_people
Excerpt: This is a list of people associated with Durham University, divided for user convenience into multiple subcategories. This includes alumni, those who have taught there, conducted research there or played a part in its founding.
Durham University is a collegiate university, so where known and if applicable, they are shown alongside their associated college. Note that college membership was not always compulsory. Staff candidates who have read for higher degrees, like the geologist Gillian Foulger or the historian Jeremy Black, did not join a college either. Alumni who did not take up membership of a college or society are therefore listed as Unattached.
This list is divided into categories indicating the field of activity in which people have become well known. Alumni who have achieved distinction in more than one field are listed in the field in which it is felt they are most associated, or have been involved in more recently.
Durham alumni are active through organizations and events such as the annual reunions, dinners and balls. By 2009, the university claimed 67 Durham associations, ranging from international to college and sports affiliated groups, catered for the more than 109,000 living alumni.

Title: St. John's College, Belize
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._John%27s_College,_Belize
Excerpt: St. John's College (abbreviated as SJC, and locally known as St. John's or John's) is a private Catholic selective secondary school for boys and private co-educational university college, located in Belize City, Belize. Founded in 1887 by the Society of Jesus as St. John Berchmans' College, a high school for boys only, it has since grown and now offers a wide variety of liberal arts and science courses at the secondary, British A-level, and United States junior college levels.
For management purposes, St. John's is organised into three divisions:

St. John's College High School, Belize (oldest, established 1887)
St. John's College Junior College (established 1964)
St. John's College University (established 2023)
Key centres and institutes within the university college are the School of Music, School of Nursing, the Belizean Studies Research Centre, and the MAGIS Center,

Title: List of Columbia Law School alumni
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Columbia_Law_School_alumni
Excerpt: This is a partial list of individuals who have attended Columbia Law School. For a list of individuals who have attended or taught at Columbia University, see the list of Columbia University people.