Title: Mind sport
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mind_sport
Excerpt: A mind sport is a game of skill in which the outcome is determined mainly by intellectual ability rather than physical effort. Mind sports usually require strategic thinking, concentration, memory, logic, pattern recognition, planning, and decision-making. They are often played in competitive settings with formal rules, rankings, governing bodies, and international championships.
The term became widely used in the late 20th century, especially after the creation of the Mind Sports Olympiad in 1997, Since then, mind sports have gained broader recognition through organizations such as the International Mind Sports Association (IMSA), which governs major international competitions in games such as chess, bridge, draughts, go, xiangqi.
Mind sports can include board games, card games, abstract strategy games, memory competitions, puzzle solving, and other activities in which mental performance is the primary factor. Chess and contract bridge are among the best known examples and are recognized by the International Olympic Committee as sports. Other activities commonly described as mind sports include go, draughts, poker, mahjong, shogi, xiangqi, renju, Scrabble, speedcubing, and memory sports.
Although mind sports generally involve less physical activity than traditional sports, many players and organizations argue that they should be treated similarly because of the high level of preparation, discipline, training, and competition involved. International tournaments in mind sports often attract participants from dozens of countries and can include world championships, continental championships, and multi-sport events.

Title: World Mind Sports Games
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Mind_Sports_Games
Excerpt: The World Mind Sports Games (WMSG) was a multi-sport event in mind sports created by the International Mind Sports Association (IMSA) as a "stepping stone on the path of introducing a third kind of Olympic Games (after the Summer and the Winter Olympics)".

Title: World Combat Games
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Combat_Games
Excerpt: The World Combat Games (GAISF World Combat Games / SportAccord World Combat Games) is an international multi-sport event featuring combat sports and martial arts. The games were founded by the Global Association of International Sports Federations (GAISF), now known as SportAccord, as a way of bringing various martial arts and combative sports to an international audience. The World Combat Games are also accompanied by a cultural program that reflects the ancient traditions and values of martial arts, as well as their contribution to modern society. The games are recognised by the International Olympic Committee.
In 2019, it was announced the World Combat Games would be held quadrennially. The host and venue for the 2027 World Combat Games has not been announced.

Title: 2012 World Mind Sports Games
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_World_Mind_Sports_Games
Excerpt: The 2012 World Mind Sports Games were held in Lille, France, from 9 to 23 August 2012. The meeting started during the 2012 Summer Olympics and ending shortly before the 2012 Summer Paralympics, both in London. This was the second rendition of the World Mind Sports Games, which was inaugurated in 2008 in Beijing. The mind sport games had about 2000 players from 95 nations—down from 2,763 competitors and 143 countries at the 1st Games. More than half of the gold medals were contested at draughts and Russia, with the strongest draughts squad, won the most gold and most overall medals. China won five gold medals—all five events contested at Xiangqi. Chinese Taipei won four gold medals—four of the five events contested at go.

Title: SportAccord World Mind Games
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SportAccord_World_Mind_Games
Excerpt: The International Mind Sports Association (IMSA) inaugurated the SportAccord World Mind Games December 2011 in Beijing. For all sports, the meet was invitational and the events were not world championships. Beside satisfaction of the participating players and federations, the main objectives were to achieve "a worldwide TV coverage, and a large participation to the online tournament linked to the event."
The first four meets, 2011 to 2014, were all held in Beijing during December.