Title: Joel Chandler Harris
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joel_Chandler_Harris
Excerpt: Joel Chandler Harris (December 9, 1848 – July 3, 1908) was an American journalist and folklorist best known for his collection of Uncle Remus stories. Born in Eatonton, Georgia, where he served as an apprentice on a plantation during his teenage years, Harris spent most of his adult life in Atlanta working as an associate editor at The Atlanta Constitution.
Harris led two professional lives: as the editor and journalist known as Joe Harris, he supported a vision of the New South with the editor Henry W. Grady (1850–1889), which stressed regional and racial reconciliation after the Reconstruction era; as Joel Chandler Harris, fiction writer and folklorist, he wrote many 'Brer Rabbit' stories from the African-American oral tradition.

Title: Song of the South
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_of_the_South
Excerpt: Song of the South is a 1946 American  musical film directed by Harve Foster and Wilfred Jackson, produced by Walt Disney, and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the Uncle Remus stories as adapted by Joel Chandler Harris, stars James Baskett in his final film role, and features the voices of Johnny Lee, Baskett, and Nick Stewart. The live-action/animated film takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia during the Reconstruction era, a period of American history after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery. The story follows seven-year-old Johnny (Bobby Driscoll) who is visiting his grandmother's (Lucile Watson) plantation for an extended stay. Johnny befriends Uncle Remus (Baskett), an elderly worker on the plantation, and takes joy in hearing his tales about the adventures of Br'er Rabbit (Lee), Br'er Fox, and Br'er Bear (Baskett and Stewart). Johnny learns from the stories how to cope with the challenges he is experiencing while living on the plantation.
Walt Disney had wanted to produce a film based on the Uncle Remus stories for some time. In 1939, he began negotiating with the Harris family for the film rights, and in 1944, filming for Song of the South began. The studio constructed a plantation set, for the outdoor scenes, in Phoenix, Arizona, while other scenes were filmed in Hollywood. The film is predominantly live action, but includes three animated segments, which were later released as stand-alone television features. Some scenes also feature a combination of live action with animation. Song of the South premiered in Atlanta in November 1946 and the remainder of its initial theater run was a financial success. The song  "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" won the 1947 Academy Award for Best Original Song and Baskett received an Academy Honorary Award for his performance as Uncle Remus.
Since its initial release the film has attracted controversy, with critics characterizing its portrayal of African Americans and plantation life as racist. As a result of the film's controversial legacy, Disney has not released Song of the South on any home video format in the United States, and the film has never been available on its streaming platform Disney+. Some of the musical and animated sequences have been released through other means, and the full film has seen home video distribution in other countries. The cartoon characters from the film continued to appear in a variety of books, comics, and other Disney media for many decades after the film's release. The theme park ride Splash Mountain, located at Tokyo Disneyland and formerly located at Disneyland and Magic Kingdom, is based on the film's animated sequences.

Title: Uncle Remus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Remus
Excerpt: Uncle Remus is the fictional title character and narrator of a collection of African American folktales compiled and adapted by Joel Chandler Harris and published in book form in 1881. Harris was a journalist in post–Reconstruction era Atlanta, and he produced seven Uncle Remus books.  He did so by introducing tales that he had heard and framing them in the plantation context. He wrote his stories in a dialect which was his interpretation of the Deep South African-American language of the time. For these framing and stylistic choices, Harris's collection has garnered controversy since its publication.

Title: List of Uncle Remus characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Uncle_Remus_characters
Excerpt: This is a list of recurring and/or significant fictional characters in the Uncle Remus books and those in one way or another connected to Br'er Rabbit and his plantation and forest entourage. Excluding the characters of the told tales, which are largely archived, as regards the characters of the novels and frame-stories extraneous to the Uncle Remus series, preference in cataloging goes to the actual narrators of the tales.
Uncle Remus himself appears as framing device and narrator in all the stories (tales, poems and songs in The Tar-Baby and Other Rhymes of Uncle Remus included), except the ones in On the Plantation, Evening Tales and the novels in the Abercrombie family series (although he is sometimes mentioned by the characters). Uncle Remus is also the absolute protagonist in the stories and the sketches reproduced (with modifications or not) in the secondary sections of the books from newspapers such as The Atlanta Constitution.
The little boy from the canonical series of books, that is the unnamed son of Miss Sally and Marse John who never appears in the sections dedicated to the reprint of sketches and jokes with Uncle Remus from the newspapers, is often addressed by Uncle Remus throughout the narrations in The Tar-Baby and Other Rhymes of Uncle Remus as well. From Told by Uncle Remus on, Uncle Remus' listener is the son of the little boy of the previous books, initially more frailer and quieter than his father at his age, and speaks in and elegant and refined way because of the harsh education given to him. The last book in the series, Seven Tales of Uncle Remus, collects old stories hitherto unpublished or published in magazines and which date back to the period the little boy was still the son of Miss Sally and Marse John. However, we should probably exclude the last Br'er Rabbit story in chronological order, "Rabbit Doesn't Go to See Aunt Nancy", because it was presumably created in 1908, when the new little boy was already active.

Title: Uncle Remus (song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Remus_(song)
Excerpt: "Uncle Remus" is a song written by American musicians Frank Zappa and George Duke, and first released on Zappa's 1974 album Apostrophe ('). The name of the song is derived from Uncle Remus, a fictional character found in works by writer Joel Chandler Harris. The song has been said to reflect Zappa's feelings about racism and the civil rights movement, themes which had previously been explored in his earlier song "Trouble Every Day".