Title: Michael Ende
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Ende
Excerpt: Michael Andreas Helmuth Ende (German pronunciation: [ˈmɪçaʔeːl ʔanˈdʁeːas ˈhɛlmuːt ˈʔɛndə]; 12 November 1929 – 28 August 1995) was a German writer of fantasy and children's fiction. He is known for his epic fantasy The Neverending Story (with its 1980s film adaptation and a 1995 animated television adaptation); other well-known works include Momo and Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver. His works have been translated into more than 40 languages and sold more than 35 million copies.

Title: William Adams (samurai)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Adams_(samurai)
Excerpt: William Adams (24 September 1564 – 16 May 1620), better known in Japan as Miura Anjin (三浦按針; 'the pilot of Miura'), was an English navigator who, in 1600, became the first Englishman to reach Japan. He was later granted samurai status, and was recognised as one of the most influential foreigners in Japan during the early 17th century.
He arrived in Japan as one of the few survivors of the ship Liefde under the leadership of Jacob Quaeckernaeck. It was the only vessel to reach Japan from a five-ship expedition launched by a company of Rotterdam merchants (a voorcompagnie, or predecessor, of the Dutch East India Company). Soon after his arrival in Japan, Adams and his second mate Jan Joosten became advisors to shōgun Tokugawa Ieyasu, and each was appointed as hatamoto.
Among Adams's legacies, he influenced Japan's isolationist sakoku policy, under which Japanese interactions with other countries were severely limited, and almost all foreign nationals were banned from entering Japan, while Japanese commoners were prohibited from leaving the country. For more than a decade, the Tokugawa authorities did not allow Adams and Joosten to leave Japan. Although eventually given permission to return home to England, Adams decided to stay in Japan, where he died at the age of 55. His Japan-born children, Joseph and Susanna, were likely expelled to Batavia in 1635 when Tokugawa Iemitsu closed Japan to foreign trade; they disappear from historical records at that time.

Title: Yasunari Kawabata
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yasunari_Kawabata
Excerpt: Yasunari Kawabata (川端 康成, Kawabata Yasunari; Japanese pronunciation: [ka.wa.ba.ta (|) ja.sɯꜜ.na.ɾʲi], 11 June 1899 – 16 April 1972) was a Japanese novelist and short story writer whose spare, lyrical, subtly-shaded prose works won him the 1968 Nobel Prize in Literature, the first Japanese author to receive the award. His works have enjoyed broad international appeal and are still widely read.

Title: Keigo Higashino
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keigo_Higashino
Excerpt: Keigo Higashino (Japanese: 東野 圭吾, Hepburn: Higashino Keigo; February 4, 1958 – July 23, 2026) was a Japanese author chiefly known for his mystery novels. He served as the 13th President of Mystery Writers of Japan from 2009 to 2013. Higashino won major Japanese awards for his books, almost twenty of which have been turned into films and television series.

Title: Billie and Emma
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billie_and_Emma
Excerpt: Billie and Emma is a 2018 Filipino drama film, directed by Samantha Lee. It is an LGBTQ coming-of-age story set in the mid-1990s, and is Lee's sophomore feature film.