Title: List of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Agents_of_S.H.I.E.L.D._characters
Excerpt: Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. is an American television series created for ABC by Joss Whedon, Jed Whedon, and Maurissa Tancharoen, based on the Marvel Comics organization S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division), a fictional peacekeeping and spy agency in a world of superheroes. It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), and it acknowledges the continuity of the franchise's films and other television series.
The series stars Clark Gregg, reprising his role of Phil Coulson from the films, as well as Ming-Na Wen, Brett Dalton, Chloe Bennet, Iain De Caestecker, and Elizabeth Henstridge. Nick Blood and Adrianne Palicki joined the cast for the second and third seasons, while Henry Simmons and Luke Mitchell had recurring roles in the second season before being promoted to the main cast for the third. John Hannah, who recurred in the third season, joined the main cast in the fourth, while Natalia Cordova-Buckley, who recurred in both the third and fourth seasons, was promoted to the main cast for the series' fifth season. Jeff Ward was promoted to the main cast for the sixth season after recurring in the fifth. Additionally, some characters from Marvel Cinematic Universe films and Marvel One-Shots also appear throughout the series, along with other characters based on various Marvel Comics properties. Several characters from the series also appear in the supplemental digital series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.: Slingshot.
This list includes the series' main cast, all guest stars deemed to have had recurring roles throughout the series, and any other guest who is otherwise notable.

Title: Inhumans (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inhumans_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Marvel's Inhumans, or simply Inhumans, is an American television series created by Scott Buck for ABC based on the Marvel Comics race of Inhumans. It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and acknowledges the franchise's other television series. It was produced by ABC Studios and Marvel Television in association with Devilina Productions, and was co-financed by IMAX Entertainment in a deal that gave the series a theatrical premiere. Buck served as showrunner on the series.
The series is centered on Black Bolt, portrayed by Anson Mount, and other members of the Inhuman Royal Family. Serinda Swan, Ken Leung, Eme Ikwuakor, Isabelle Cornish, Ellen Woglom, and Iwan Rheon also star. Marvel Studios announced an Inhumans film in 2014 as part of their Phase Three slate of films, with the species first introduced to the MCU in the series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. The film was removed from Marvel Studios' slate in April 2016, and the Inhumans series was announced that November, to be partly filmed using IMAX cameras. Buck joined the series in October, and Mount was cast in February 2017. Filming took place from March to June 2017, at the former Naval Air Station Barbers Point airfield in Kalaeloa, Hawaii and various locations on the island of Oahu.
Inhumans debuted on IMAX screens on September 1, 2017, the first live-action television series to do so. The theatrical run lasted two weeks, before the series premiered on ABC on September 29 and ran for eight episodes, concluding on November 10. The series was met with unfavorable reviews and low television ratings, and was canceled by ABC in May 2018. Mount reprised his role as an alternate version of Black Bolt in Marvel Studios' MCU film Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (2022).

Title: Outline of the Marvel Cinematic Universe
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outline_of_the_Marvel_Cinematic_Universe
Excerpt: The following outline serves as an overview of and topical guide to the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), an American media franchise and shared universe created by Marvel Studios and owned by the Walt Disney Company. The franchise began in 2008 with the release of the film Iron Man and has since expanded to include various superhero films and television series produced by Marvel Studios, television series from Marvel Television, short films, digital series, literature, and other media. These are based on characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige produces every film and series from that studio for the MCU. The shared universe, much like the original Marvel Universe in comic books, was established by crossing over common plot elements, settings, cast, and characters.
The franchise has been commercially successful and has grossed over $30 billion at the global box office, becoming one of the highest-grossing media franchises and the highest-grossing film franchise of all time. This includes Avengers: Endgame (2019), which concluded its theatrical run as the highest-grossing film of all time. The franchise has received numerous accolades for its films and television series. It has inspired other film and television studios to attempt similar shared universes, and also spawned the creation of several themed attractions, documentary series, literary material, and multiple tie-in video games.

Title: Marvel Cinematic Universe: Phase Three
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Cinematic_Universe:_Phase_Three
Excerpt: Phase Three of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) is a group of American superhero films produced by Marvel Studios based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics. The MCU is the shared universe in which all of the films are set. The phase, which began with Captain America: Civil War in May 2016, features individual superhero films that build to the crossover films Avengers: Infinity War (2018) and Avengers: Endgame (2019). It includes two Spider-Man films that were co-productions between Marvel Studios and Columbia Pictures, including Spider-Man: Far From Home which ended Phase Three in July 2019. Phases One, Two, and Three make up "The Infinity Saga" storyline.
Kevin Feige produced every film in the phase, with Amy Pascal also producing Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017) and Far From Home, and Stephen Broussard also producing Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018). Civil War, Infinity War, and Endgame directors Anthony and Joe Russo and writers Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely collaborated with the creative teams for each film in the phase. The films star Chris Evans as Steve Rogers / Captain America in Civil War, Benedict Cumberbatch as Dr. Stephen Strange in Doctor Strange (2016), Chris Pratt as Peter Quill / Star-Lord in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017), Tom Holland as Peter Parker / Spider-Man in the Spider-Man films, Chris Hemsworth as Thor in Thor: Ragnarok (2017), Chadwick Boseman as T'Challa / Black Panther in Black Panther (2018), Paul Rudd as Scott Lang / Ant-Man and Evangeline Lilly as Hope van Dyne / Wasp in Ant-Man and the Wasp, and Brie Larson as Carol Danvers / Captain Marvel in Captain Marvel (2019); all returned for one or both of the crossover films. Evans and Holland have the most appearances in the phase, each starring or making cameo appearances in five films. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures distributed the films except for the Spider-Man films, which were released by Sony Pictures Releasing. The phase's films grossed over US$13.5 billion at the global box office and received generally positive critical and public responses. Endgame became the highest-grossing film at the time. The phase is seen as the franchise's best, with consistent quality and a cohesive overarching story.
Each feature film received tie-in comic books and some were marketed using the in-universe news shows WHIH Newsfront and The Daily Bugle. Marvel Studios also released the Team Thor mockumentary shorts series which expand on Thor's portrayal in Ragnarok. In 2024, a group of television series based on Marvel Comics that were produced by Marvel Television, separately from Marvel Studios, for the streaming service Netflix were retroactively added to the MCU timeline, primarily alongside Phase Three content.

Title: Marvel's Netflix television series
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel%27s_Netflix_television_series
Excerpt: Marvel's Netflix television series are a set of interconnected American television series created for the streaming service Netflix, based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics. Produced by Marvel Television and ABC Studios, they are set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the franchise's films and other television series. Head of Marvel Television Jeph Loeb revealed the group of shows were known internally as the "Marvel Street-Level Heroes" or "Marvel Knights" series.
A deal between Marvel and Netflix to produce several interconnected series was announced in November 2013, with the individual series Daredevil (2015–2018), Jessica Jones (2015–2019), Luke Cage (2016–2018), and Iron Fist (2017–2018) culminating in the crossover miniseries The Defenders (2017). A spin-off from Daredevil, The Punisher (2017–2019), was ordered in April 2016. The series were all filmed in New York State, forming the state's largest television production commitment across 161 episodes. They star Charlie Cox as Matt Murdock / Daredevil, Krysten Ritter as Jessica Jones, Mike Colter as Luke Cage, and Finn Jones as Danny Rand / Iron Fist, who all star together in The Defenders, as well as Jon Bernthal as Frank Castle / Punisher. Many actors have roles across the different series, including Rosario Dawson who signed a special deal to portray Claire Temple.
The series are believed to have generated strong viewership for Netflix, which did not release exact viewership details at the time, and received positive reviews for their casts and darker take on the MCU. There were some common criticisms of the series, such as for their pacing. Netflix had cancelled all of the series by February 2019, when Marvel's parent company Disney was preparing its own streaming service, Disney+. The series were all removed from Netflix on March 1, 2022, after Disney regained the licenses for them, and they began streaming on Disney+ from March 16, where they were collected under the title "The Defenders Saga".
Contractually, Marvel had to wait two years before they could use the characters without Netflix. Vincent D'Onofrio and Cox were the first actors to reprise their roles in Marvel Studios-produced MCU projects, starting in December 2021. A new Daredevil series, titled Daredevil: Born Again, premiered in 2025 on Disney+, with Cox, D'Onofrio, Bernthal, and other Daredevil cast members returning. Ritter, Colter, and Jones returned for subsequent seasons. Additionally, The Punisher: One Last Kill, a Marvel Television Special Presentation television special starring Bernthal, was released in 2026.