Title: Detail
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detail
Excerpt: Detail(s) or The Detail(s) may refer to:

Title: Tha Carter IV
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tha_Carter_IV
Excerpt: Tha Carter IV is the ninth studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne, released on August 29, 2011, through Cash Money Records, Universal Republic Records and Young Money Entertainment. Recording sessions for the album began in late 2008, shortly after Lil Wayne's sixth studio album, Tha Carter III (2008) was released to strong sales and critical acclaim: however, the sessions were put on hold, as Lil Wayne claimed he did not want to follow an album he held in high regard so quickly with another, potentially inferior release. In the interim, Lil Wayne released his two other albums in 2010: the largely rock-themed Rebirth, and I Am Not a Human Being. The latter was reportedly composed from unreleased material from the original Tha Carter IV sessions, as the album was released whilst Wayne served a prison sentence at Rikers Island prison for illegal possession of a weapon, and was thus unable to record any new material: this also meant Tha Carter IV's recording sessions were once more put on hold.
Following Wayne's release from prison, the album was re-recorded from scratch. The recording sessions resumed at various locations, involving several record producers including Bangladesh, Detail, T-Minus, Noah "40" Shebib, Polow da Don, Jim Jonsin, Tha Bizness, Kane Beatz, Boi-1da, Willy Will, Streetrunner, Cool & Dre, Young Ladd, The Smeezingtons, and Kanye West. The album largely contains more introspective subject matter compared to its predecessors, often exploring morbid lyrical content and downtempo production. Appearances on the album include Cory Gunz, Drake, T-Pain, Tech N9ne, André 3000, Rick Ross, John Legend, Bruno Mars, Birdman, Kevin Rudolf, Jadakiss, Bun B, Nas, Shyne, and Busta Rhymes.
Following a heavily delayed release, Tha Carter IV was released to digital retailers at midnight on August 28, 2011, following Wayne's scheduled performance at the MTV Video Music Awards, and physical retailers received the album the following day. Tha Carter IV debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200 chart, with first-week-sales of 964,000 copies in the United States and became Lil Wayne's third album to debut at number one. The album received generally mixed reviews from music critics, who were divided in their responses towards the album's production and Wayne's own performances on the album, finding it to be a disappointment compared to his previous work.
It received a nomination for Best Rap Album at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards.

Title: Hotel California (Tyga album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hotel_California_(Tyga_album)
Excerpt: Hotel California is the third studio album by American rapper Tyga. It was released on April 9, 2013, by Cash Money Records, Republic Records and Young Money Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from Lil Wayne, 2 Chainz, The Game, Jadakiss, while the production on the album was handled by DJ Mustard, Detail, Cool & Dre, David D.A. Doman, Mars of 1500 or Nothin', The Olympicks, SAP and Ryan Hunt, among others.
Hotel California was supported by three singles: "Dope" (featuring Rick Ross), "For the Road" (featuring Chris Brown), and "Show You" (featuring Future), as well as promotional single "Molly" (featuring Cedric Gervais, Wiz Khalifa and Mally Mall).
The album was met with mixed to negative reviews from music critics. Commercially, it debuted at number seven on the US Billboard 200, with first-week sales of 54,000 copies in the United States. It was later certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in March 2020.

Title: Detail (music producer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detail_(music_producer)
Excerpt: Noel Christopher Fisher (born October 9, 1978), professionally known as Detail, is an American record producer, singer, songwriter and rapper. Hailing from Detroit, Michigan, Detail is best known for producing several hit singles, including "Sexy Can I" by Ray J, "I'm So Paid" by Akon, "How to Love" by Lil Wayne, "Drunk in Love" and "711" by Beyoncé, and "We Dem Boyz" by Wiz Khalifa. He released his debut studio album, Noel in December 2015.

Title: Honest (Future album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Honest_(Future_album)
Excerpt: Honest is the second studio album by American rapper Future. It was released on April 22, 2014, through A1 Recordings and Freebandz, and distributed by Epic Records. The album features guest appearances from Pharrell, Pusha T, Casino, Wiz Khalifa, Kanye West, Drake, Young Scooter, André 3000, and Lil Wayne. It was supported by five singles: "Karate Chop", "Honest", "Shit", "Move That Dope", and "I Won", along with the promotional single, "Real and True".
Honest received generally positive reviews from critics. It debuted at number two on the US Billboard 200, selling 53,000 copies in its first week. The album was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).