Title: Cast Away
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cast_Away
Excerpt: Cast Away is a 2000 American survival drama film directed and co-produced by Robert Zemeckis, written by William Broyles Jr. and starring Tom Hanks, Helen Hunt, and Nick Searcy. Hanks plays a FedEx troubleshooter who is stranded on a deserted island after his plane crashes in the South Pacific, and the plot focuses on his desperate attempts to survive and return home. Filming took place from January to March 1999, and April to May 2000.
Cast Away was released on December 22, 2000, by 20th Century Fox in the United States and Canada and by DreamWorks Pictures through United International Pictures in other territories. It grossed $429.6 million worldwide, making it the third-highest-grossing film of 2000. The film received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised the screenplay and Hanks's performance. Hanks won Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama at the 58th Golden Globe Awards and was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role at the 73rd Academy Awards.

Title: Hana-Kimi
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hana-Kimi
Excerpt: Hanazakari no Kimitachi e (花ざかりの君たちへ; lit. 'For You in Full Blossom'), abbreviated as Hana-Kimi, is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hisaya Nakajo. it was serialized in Hakusensha's semi-monthly shōjo manga magazine Hana to Yume from September 1996 to August 2004. The series is also published in English by Viz Media, with the final volume released in April 2008. It was also adapted into several live-action television dramas. An anime television series adaptation produced by Signal.MD aired from January to March 2026. A second season premiered in July of the same year.
The series centers on Mizuki Ashiya, a Japanese girl who lives in the United States. One day, she sees a track and field competition on TV, and becomes attracted to one of the high jump competitors, Izumi Sano. She begins to idolize the young athlete and eventually transfers to Japan to attend the same school that Sano attends. Sano attends an all-boys high school named Osaka Gakuen and Mizuki attempts to disguise herself as a boy to enter.

Title: Black Rain (1989 American film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_Rain_(1989_American_film)
Excerpt: Black Rain is a 1989 American neo-noir action thriller film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Michael Douglas, Andy García, Ken Takakura, Kate Capshaw, and Yūsaku Matsuda in his final film role. The film focuses on two NYPD detectives who arrest a member of the yakuza and must escort him back to Japan. Once there, he escapes and the two officers are dragged into the Japanese underworld.
The film was released by Paramount Pictures on September 22, 1989. It received much publicity beforehand being Douglas's first movie since his Oscar winning role in Wall Street—a span of nearly two years. Upon release, it received generally mixed reviews from critics, which praised the performances, Hans Zimmer's musical score, direction and editing but criticized the screenwriting, clichéd story and lack of character development.
In the years since, the film has become a cult film and has been widely praised. It was also a solid box office hit, grossing over $134 million worldwide in front of a production budget of $30 million and was nominated for Best Sound and Best Sound Editing at the 62nd Academy Awards.

Title: Shōgun (2024 TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sh%C5%8Dgun_(2024_TV_series)
Excerpt: Shōgun is an American historical drama television series created by Rachel Kondo and Justin Marks. It is based on the 1975 novel by James Clavell, which was previously adapted into a 1980 miniseries. Its ensemble cast includes Hiroyuki Sanada, Cosmo Jarvis, Anna Sawai, Tadanobu Asano, Takehiro Hira, Tommy Bastow, and Fumi Nikaido. The production features a mostly Japanese cast and the majority of the dialogue is in the Japanese language.
Initially conceived as a miniseries, the first season premiered its first two episodes on February 27, 2024, on FX on Hulu and FX, with the rest being released weekly until April 23, 2024. It received widespread critical acclaim, particularly for the directing, writing, visuals, production values, performances of its cast, and faithfulness to the source material. Following its success, a second and third season began early development, with the second season starting principal photography in January 2026.
In 2024, Shōgun became the first Japanese-language series to win a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, with its first season winning 18 categories at the 76th Primetime Emmy Awards and 76th Primetime Creative Arts Emmy Awards, setting a new record as the most awarded single season of television in Emmy history. It additionally received four Golden Globe Awards, including Best Television Series – Drama and acting wins for Sanada, Sawai, and Asano. The first season also received a Peabody Award at the 85th Annual Ceremony.

Title: Jarinko Chie (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jarinko_Chie_(film)
Excerpt: Jarinko Chie (Japanese: じゃりン子チエ; lit. 'Chie the Brat'), also known as Downtown Story, is a 1981 Japanese animated film directed by Isao Takahata. Based on the 1978 seinen manga by Etsumi Haruki, the film was co-written by Takahata and Noboru Shiroyama, it stars the voices of Chinatsu Nakayama, Norio Nishikawa, Kiyoshi Nishikawa, Kyoko Mitsubayashi, and Gannosuke Ashiya. Taking place in a working class town in Osaka, the young and independent Chie navigates the adult world around her, seeking to reform her father's behaviour and keep her family together.
Produced and animated by Tokyo Movie Shinsha, Jarinko Chie was Takahata's reintroduction to feature-length animated films after working in television anime. Production began in December 1980, with the animation style taking strong cues from the source material. Particular notice was taken to accurately portray the film's setting of Osaka, including research trips, the use of Kansai dialect, and the hiring of Osakan cast members. The film was released in Japan by Toho on 11 April 1981. Jarinko Chie saw moderate box office success and has been praised, particularly for its social consciousness and comedy. Analyses of the film have looked at the story as a commentary on masculinity and the role of community. After its success, Takahata served as the chief director for a follow-up TV series. Chie herself has remained a popular character in Osaka.