Title: List of Dune characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Dune_characters
Excerpt: Dune is a science fiction media franchise that originated with the 1965 novel of the same name by American author Frank Herbert. Dune is frequently cited as the best-selling science fiction novel in history, and won the 1966 Hugo Award as well as the inaugural Nebula Award for Best Novel. Herbert wrote five sequels before his death in 1986: Dune Messiah (1969), Children of Dune (1976), God Emperor of Dune (1981), Heretics of Dune (1984), and Chapterhouse: Dune (1985).
Dune follows Paul, the scion of House Atreides, as his family is thrown into the dangerous political intrigues centered on the desert planet Arrakis, only known source of the oracular spice melange, the most important and valuable substance in the universe. The series spans 5,000 years, focusing on Paul and then his various descendants.
Dune was adapted as a 1984 film, and again in two parts, the films Dune (2021) and Dune: Part Two (2024). Additionally, the novel was adapted as a 2000 television miniseries, Frank Herbert's Dune, and the first two sequels were also adapted as a single miniseries, Frank Herbert's Children of Dune, in 2003.
Since 1999, Frank Herbert's son Brian Herbert and science fiction author Kevin J. Anderson have published 15 prequel novels, collected in the series Prelude to Dune (1999–2001), Legends of Dune (2002–2004), Heroes of Dune (2008–2023), Great Schools of Dune (2012–2016), and The Caladan Trilogy (2020–2022). They have also released two sequel novels—Hunters of Dune (2006) and Sandworms of Dune (2007)—which complete the original series.

Title: List of Harry Potter characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Harry_Potter_characters
Excerpt: This is a list of notable characters found in the fictional universe of Harry Potter. Each character appears in at least one of the following works written, co-written or based on a story by J. K. Rowling:

The seven original Harry Potter novels (1997–2007)
The three films in the Fantastic Beasts series (2016–2022)
Quidditch Through the Ages (2001)
The Tales of Beedle the Bard (2008)
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (2016)
Short Stories from Hogwarts of Power, Politics and Pesky Poltergeists (2016)
Short Stories from Hogwarts of Heroism, Hardship and Dangerous Hobbies (2016)
Hogwarts: An Incomplete and Unreliable Guide (2016)
The Harry Potter prequel (2008)

Title: Chang Apana
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chang_Apana
Excerpt: Chang Apana (December 26, 1871 – December 8, 1933; traditional Chinese: 鄭阿平; simplified Chinese: 郑阿平; pinyin: Zhèng Āpíng) was a Chinese-Hawaiian detective of the Honolulu Police Department. He was acknowledged by Earl Derr Biggers as the inspiration for his fictional Chinese-American detective character, Charlie Chan.

Title: List of Community characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Community_characters
Excerpt: Community is an American television sitcom created by Dan Harmon that ran for 110 episodes. The show, set at the fictional Greendale Community College, depicts the on-campus exploits of a close-knit study group. In the pilot, the main cast members are Joel McHale, Gillian Jacobs, Danny Pudi, Yvette Nicole Brown, Alison Brie, Donald Glover, and Chevy Chase. Ken Jeong joined the main cast starting with the second episode, and Jim Rash was promoted to the main cast at the start of the third season. John Oliver, Jonathan Banks, Paget Brewster, and Keith David also played major roles throughout their stints while not actually being credited among the main cast. The series also features recurring characters, mainly fellow students or teachers at Greendale.

Title: Characters of The Last of Us (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Characters_of_The_Last_of_Us_(TV_series)
Excerpt: The Last of Us, an American post-apocalyptic drama television series for HBO based on the video game franchise, features an ensemble cast. The first season, based on 2013's The Last of Us, follows Joel (Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) as they travel across the United States. In the second season, based on the first half of 2020's The Last of Us Part II, they have settled in Jackson, Wyoming, with Joel's brother Tommy (Gabriel Luna) and Ellie's friends Dina (Isabela Merced) and Jesse (Young Mazino). After Joel's death, the group travels to Seattle to track down his killer, Abby (Kaitlyn Dever), who is set to be the focus of the third season.
The first season sought high-profile guest stars, such as Anna Torv as Joel's partner Tess, Merle Dandridge and Melanie Lynskey as resistance leaders Marlene and Kathleen, Nick Offerman and Murray Bartlett as survivalists Bill and Frank, Rutina Wesley as Tommy's wife Maria, and Storm Reid as Ellie's best friend Riley. Wesley returned in the second season, which featured guest stars for Jackson-based characters like Robert John Burke as bar owner Seth, Catherine O'Hara as therapist Gail, and Joe Pantoliano as Gail's husband Eugene, as well as Seattle-based characters such as Jeffrey Wright as militia leader Isaac, and Spencer Lord, Tati Gabrielle, Ariela Barer, and Danny Ramirez as Abby's friends Owen, Nora, Mel, and Manny, respectively.
Series creators and writers Craig Mazin and Neil Druckmann felt the television medium allowed an opportunity to explore characters' backstories further than the games, which Druckmann wrote and co-directed. Casting took place virtually through Zoom due to the COVID-19 pandemic, with several high-profile guest stars cast for singular or few episodes. Pascal and Ramsey were cast for their abilities to embody the characters and imitate their relationship. The performances of the main and guest cast throughout the series received critical acclaim for their chemistry and several have received accolades, including two wins and 15 nominations at the Primetime Emmy Awards.