Title: List of comedians
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_comedians
Excerpt: A comedian is one who entertains through comedy, such as jokes and other forms of humour.  Following is a list of comedians, comedy groups, and comedy writers.

Title: List of Welsh people
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Welsh_people
Excerpt: This is a list of Welsh people; an ethnic group and nation associated with Wales.
Historian John Davies argues that the origin of the Welsh nation can be traced to the late 4th and early 5th centuries, following the Roman departure from Britain, although Brythonic or other Celtic languages seem to have been spoken in Wales since much earlier.
This list is for people of Welsh heritage and descent, and for those otherwise perceived as Welsh; through either birth or adoption. Only those meeting notability criteria are included. A few people appear in more than one section of the list.

Title: State-sponsored terrorism
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/State-sponsored_terrorism
Excerpt: State-sponsored terrorism is terrorist violence carried out with the active support of national governments provided to violent non-state actors. It contrasts with state terrorism, which is carried out directly by state actors.
States can sponsor terrorist groups in several ways, including but not limited to funding terrorist organizations, providing training, supplying weapons, providing other logistical and intelligence assistance, and hosting groups within their borders. Because of the pejorative nature of the word, the identification of particular examples are often subject to political dispute and different definitions of terrorism.
A wide variety of states in both developed and developing areas of the world have engaged in sponsoring terrorism. During the 1970s and 1980s, state sponsorship of terrorism was a frequent feature of international conflict. From that time to the 2010s there was a steady pattern of decline in the prevalence and magnitude of state support. Nevertheless, because of the increasing consequent level of violence that it could potentially facilitate, it remains an issue of highly salient international concern.

Title: Border reivers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Border_reivers
Excerpt: Border reivers were raiders along the Anglo-Scottish border. They included both English and Scottish people, and they raided the entire border country without regard to their victims' nationality. They operated in a culture of legalised raiding and feuding. Their heyday was in the last hundred years of their existence, during the time of the House of Stuart in the Kingdom of Scotland and the House of Tudor in the Kingdom of England.
The historian G. M. Trevelyan summed up Border society by writing:

Like the Homeric Greeks, the Borderers were cruel and barbarous men, slaying each other like beasts of the forest, but high in pride and honour and rough faithfulness.
Amidst centuries of lawlessness, poverty and low-intensity conflict, compounded by significant invasions along the Anglo-Scottish frontier, familial groups gradually coalesced into organised units of common defence and offence based on kinship, giving rise to what would later be formalised as the 'Surnames.' The reivers emerged between 1350 and 1450, with their activities reaching their height in the 16th century during the Tudor period in England and the late Stewart period in Scotland. Reiving was a matter of subsistence for the borderer. They were infamous for raiding, blood feuds, eliciting protection money or taking hostages (blackmail), where justice was frequently negotiated through arbitration at Truce Days rather than enforced and mandated by state law. Often the dividing line between officially sanctioned raiding and independent raiding was not clear. Many crimes, such as theft and feuding, were treated with less severity due to the ancient customs and culture of the Borderlands, which had evolved over centuries to tolerate and codify such practices in the March law.
Although less well-known than Highlanders in Scotland, whom they met and defeated in battle on occasion, the border reivers played a significant role in shaping Anglo-Scottish relations. Their activities were a major factor in ongoing tensions between the two kingdoms, and their raids often had international repercussions. There is debate over how great their threat and the extent to which their raids were state-directed rather than purely opportunistic.
The culture of the border reivers, characterised by honour, close family bonds and self-defence, has been said to influence the culture of the Upland South in the United States. Many Borderers migrated as families to America, where their values are thought to have contributed significantly to the region's social structure and political ideologies, with echoes of their influence persisting even today.

Title: Ten Pound Poms
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ten_Pound_Poms
Excerpt: Ten Pound Poms were British citizens who migrated to Australia and New Zealand after the Second World War. The government of Australia initiated the Assisted Passage Migration Scheme in 1945, and the government of New Zealand initiated a similar scheme in 1947. The Australian government arranged for assisted passage to Australia on chartered ships and aircraft.
The migrants were called Ten Pound Poms because of the charge of £10 in processing fees to migrate to Australia.