Title: English draughts
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_draughts
Excerpt: Draughts (British English) or checkers (American English), also called straight checkers or chequers, is a form of the strategy board game checkers (or draughts). It is played on an 8×8 checkerboard with 12 pieces per side. The pieces move and capture diagonally forward, until they reach the opposite end of the board, when they are crowned and can thereafter move and capture both backward and forward.
As in all forms of draughts, English draughts is played by two opponents, alternating turns on opposite sides of the board. The pieces are traditionally black, red, or white. Enemy pieces are captured by jumping over them.
The 8×8 variant of draughts was weakly solved in 2007 by a team of Canadian computer scientists led by Jonathan Schaeffer. From the standard starting position, both players can guarantee a draw with perfect play.

Title: Ron King
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ron_King
Excerpt: Ron "Suki" King (born 1956) is a Barbadian English checkers player from Saint George, Barbados. He has won twelve world championship titles at the game and is considered one of the strongest players of the game. King has been honored by his homeland being named Barbados's Sportsman of the Year in both 1991 and 1992. He has been called the Muhammad Ali of the checkers world for his trash-talking. 
In 1998 he made it into Guinness World Records for playing against 385 players simultaneously and beating them all.
His 2008 match against South African grandmaster Lubabalo Kondlo is the central subject in the documentary King Me. In 2014 he lost his world title in the GAYP ("go as you please") version to Sergio Scarpetta, as King failed to appear for the final four games(although King was trailing in the match at that point).  Scarpetta  was leading the match after game 20, and won Games 21 and 22 by Ron's forfeit. The last 2 games did not require playing

Title: Mind Sports South Africa
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mind_Sports_South_Africa
Excerpt: Mind Sports South Africa (MSSA) is recognised by Act of Parliament as the national controlling body for mind sports in South Africa.
Mind Sports South Africa (MSSA) is also an affiliate of the International eSports Federation, Fédération Mondiale du Jeu de Dames, and the International Wargames Federation. Due to its membership of such international bodies, the MSSA is the sole authority for the games that it caters for in terms of the Sport and Recreation Act, number 110 of 1998 (as amended).

Title: Michele Borghetti
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michele_Borghetti
Excerpt: Michele Borghetti (born 13 March 1973) is an Italian grandmaster of international draughts, Italian draughts and English draughts (also known as "American checkers" or "straight checkers"). In English draughts he was world champion in both 3-move and GAYP variations.
Borghetti won the 2010 WCDF World Qualifier to earn the right to challenge defending champion Alex Moiseyev in the 2011 3-Move World Title Match. The match took place in Cleveland and was won by Moiseyev. At the 2012 World Mind Sports Games in Lille, Borghetti won the gold medal in the checkers tournament, which was doubled as the World Qualifying Tournament. This victory enabled him to qualify again for the world title match with Moiseyev and on 28 June 2013, Borghetti became the 3-Move Checkers World Champion. In 2015 he successfully defended his world title against Lubabalo Kondlo in Livorno, his native city.
In 2016, in Rome, Borghetti won the GAYP World Title Match against defending champion Sergio Scarpetta. In May 2017, Borghetti won the first 3-Move European Championship. Later in the same year, in September, he lost the 3-move world title match, which took place in Livorno, against Scarpetta. In 2018, he lost the GAYP World Title Match to Lubabalo Kondlo in Petal, Mississippi, United States by a score of 15–25.
He also holds a record for playing "blind simultaneous" games of Italian draughts.