Title: David Bailey
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Bailey
Excerpt: David Royston Bailey (born 2 January 1938) is an English photographer and director, most known for his fashion photography and portraiture, and role in shaping the image of the Swinging Sixties. Bailey has also directed several television commercials and documentaries.

Title: Cameron Dye
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cameron_Dye
Excerpt: Cameron Dye (born April 9, 1959) is an American actor and singer. He played "Fred" in the movie Valley Girl (1983), and also had roles in The Last Starfighter (1984),  National Lampoon's Joy of Sex (1984), Body Rock (1984), Fraternity Vacation (1985), Scenes from the Goldmine (1987), Out of the Dark (1989),  Men at Work (1990), and The Tavern (1999).
Dye was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. Dye's family moved around the United States and in the mid-1970s he attended Sylvania High School in Sylvania, Ohio.  Later, Dye moved to California and attended Mills High School in Millbrae, California and UCLA. He was married to actress Laura San Giacomo from 1990–1998, with whom he has a son. He also has a son with actress Tracy Middendorf.
Dye is a founding member of The Actors' Gang theatre troupe and has performed in plays for the company.

Title: Amelia Dyer
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amelia_Dyer
Excerpt: Amelia Elizabeth Dyer (née Hobley; 27 November 1837 – 10 June 1896), popularly dubbed the Ogress of Reading, was a British serial killer who murdered infants in her care from 1869 to 1896. 
Trained as a nurse and widowed in 1869, Dyer turned to baby farming—the practice of adopting unwanted infants in exchange for money to support herself. She initially cared for the children legitimately, in addition to having two of her own. She allowed many children in her care to die through neglect, which resulted in a conviction in 1879 and six months' hard labour. Later, she directly murdered children she "adopted", strangling at least some of them, and disposing of the bodies to avoid attention. Mentally unstable, she was committed to several mental asylums throughout her life, despite suspicions of feigning, and survived at least one serious suicide attempt.
Dyer's downfall came when the bagged corpse of an infant was discovered in the River Thames, with evidence linking back to her. She was arrested on 4 April 1896. In one of the most sensational trials of the Victorian period, she was found guilty of the murder of infant Doris Marmon and hanged on 10 June 1896. At the time of her death, a handful of murders were attributed to Dyer, but she is presumed to have murdered hundreds, making her a candidate for history's most prolific serial killer.
Dyer's case led to stricter laws for adoption and child protection, and helped raise the profile of the fledgling National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children (NSPCC), which formed in 1884.

Title: D&C Red 33
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/D%26C_Red_33
Excerpt: D&C Red 33 also known as Acid Red 33 or simply Red 33 is a red azo dye used as a colorant in mouthwashes, dentifrices, cosmetics, and hair dyes. Red 33 is a disodium salt of 5-amino-4-hydroxy-3-(phenylazo)-2,7-naphthalenedisulfonic acid, which can be purified through high performance liquid chromatography.

Title: Economics of English agriculture in the Middle Ages
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economics_of_English_agriculture_in_the_Middle_Ages
Excerpt: The economics of English agriculture in the Middle Ages is the economic history of English agriculture from the Norman invasion in 1066, to the death of Henry VII in 1509. England's economy was fundamentally agricultural throughout the period, though even before the invasion the market economy was important to producers. Norman institutions, including serfdom, were superimposed on an existing system of open fields.
Over the next five centuries the English agricultural economy grew but struggled to support the growing population, and then suffered an acute crisis, resulting in significant political and economic change.  By the end of the period, England would have  an economy dominated by rented farms, many controlled by the rising class of the gentry.