Title: Sports in Puerto Rico
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sports_in_Puerto_Rico
Excerpt: Sports in Puerto Rico can be traced from the ceremonial competitions amongst the pre-Columbian Native Americans of the Arawak (Taíno) tribes who inhabited the island to the modern era in which sports activities consist of an organized physical activity or skill carried out with a recreational purpose for competition. One of the sports which the Taíno's played was a ball game called "Batey". The "Batey" was played in U-shaped fields two teams; however, unlike the ball games of the modern era, the winners were treated like heroes and the losers were sacrificed.
The Spanish Conquistadores who conquered the island introduced various sports such as horse racing, cockfighting, dominoes and a game similar to "Bowling" called "Boliche". The Spaniards however did not participate in team sports.
Spain ceded Puerto Rico to the United States as a result of their defeat in the 1898 Spanish–American War. American soldiers who organized games as part of their training introduced the sport of boxing and basketball to the people of Puerto Rico. The sport of baseball, which was invented in the United States, was introduced to the island by a group of Puerto Ricans and Cubans who learned the sport in the United States.
Puerto Rico participates in the Olympics as an independent nation even though it is a territory of the United States. Puerto Rico has participated as such since the 1948 Summer Olympics celebrated in London. On 2 March 1917, Puerto Ricans became citizens of the United States as a result of the enactment of the Jones–Shafroth Act (Pub.L. 64–368, 39 Stat. 951) and as such Puerto Ricans who resided in the United States mainland were and still are permitted to participate and represent that country in international sports events. However, their achievements representing the United States are part of the intertwined history of sports in the United States and Puerto Rico.
The following is the list and history of the most common sports practiced in Puerto Rico and other countries and of the Puerto Ricans or people of Puerto Rican descent who have excelled in those sports locally and/or in international events as representatives of Puerto Rico or any other country.

Title: Colin Jackson
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colin_Jackson
Excerpt: Colin Ray Jackson,  (born 18 February 1967) is a Welsh former sprint and hurdling athlete, sports commentator and television personality who specialised in the 110 metres hurdles. During a career in which he represented Great Britain and Wales, he won an Olympic silver medal, became world champion twice, world indoor champion once, was undefeated at the European Championships for 12 years and was twice Commonwealth champion. His world record of 12.91 seconds for the 110 m hurdles stood for nearly 13 years and his 60 metres hurdles world record stood for nearly 27 years.

Title: Australia at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Australia has sent athletes to every Summer Olympic Games, as well as every Winter Olympic Games except 1924–32 and 1948. In 1908 and 1912, Australia competed with New Zealand under the name Australasia.

Title: Croatia men's national handball team
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Croatia_men%27s_national_handball_team
Excerpt: The Croatia national handball team (Croatian: Hrvatska rukometna reprezentacija) represents Croatia at international handball competitions and is governed by the Croatian Handball Federation (HRS). Since their Independence in 1991 Croatia has won 16 medals at main international competitions, the biggest being winning the gold medal at the Olympic Games twice and one World Championship title, and played in the final of the European Championship three times. The Croatian national team's victory at the 1996 Olympics is often credited as one of the biggest upsets in the history of handball. The Croatian national team have also won a so-called "international double", winning the gold medal at the World Championship (2003) and the Olympics (2004).

Title: Canada at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Canada has sent athletes to every Winter Olympic Games and every Summer Olympic Games since its debut at the 1900 games with the exception of the 1980 Summer Olympics, which it boycotted along with the US and other countries. Canada has won at least one medal at every Olympics in which it has competed.  The Canadian Olympic Committee (COC) is the National Olympic Committee for Canada.
At the 2010 Winter Olympics, Canada would win more gold medals than any other competing nation for the first time. Canada also served as the host nation of the 2010 Winter Olympics, with the games taking place in Vancouver, British Columbia.