Title: The Barbra Streisand Album
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Barbra_Streisand_Album
Excerpt: The Barbra Streisand Album is the debut album by American singer Barbra Streisand, released February 25, 1963, on Columbia Records, catalogue CL 2007 in mono and CS 8807 in stereo. It peaked at number 8 on the Billboard Top LPs, and has been certified a gold album by the RIAA. By 1966, the album had sold over one million copies worldwide.
The album was nominated for five Grammys at the 1963 Grammy Awards and won Album of the Year, Best Female Vocal Performance and Best Album Cover. The album was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame Award in 2006.

Title: My Name Is Barbra
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_Name_Is_Barbra
Excerpt: My Name Is Barbra is the first of two studio album tie-ins by Barbra Streisand for her debut television special of the same name, which aired April 28, 1965, on CBS-TV. Boosted by the critical acclaim for the broadcast, the album was certified gold and peaked at number 2 on the US charts; by 1966, the album sold over one million copies worldwide.
The album cover photograph of Streisand at age five was taken by her brother Sheldon. A digitally restored and remastered CD was released in 1990.

Title: My Name Is Barbra, Two...
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_Name_Is_Barbra,_Two...
Excerpt: My Name Is Barbra, Two... is the second of two studio album tie-ins by Barbra Streisand for her debut television special of the same name, which first aired April 28, 1965. The second album was released in October 1965 to coincide with the rebroadcast of the special on CBS.
The Medley (Track 11) is the only music from the television program, while the remaining tracks were newly recorded for the album.

Title: The Essential Barbra Streisand
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Essential_Barbra_Streisand
Excerpt: The Essential Barbra Streisand (retitled The Ultimate Collection in some European countries) is the fifth greatest hits album by American singer Barbra Streisand, released on January 29, 2002, by Columbia Records. The compilation features 38 songs from Streisand's catalog, in addition to two previously unreleased tracks (covers of "Someday My Prince Will Come" and "You'll Never Walk Alone"). It includes material from 26 of the singer's albums and was described as a collection of, mainly, her pop songs. A reissued version of the compilation was distributed by Columbia and Legacy Recordings in 2008 and includes a bonus disc featuring nine additional songs from Streisand's discography.
Critically, the album was noted for being a comprehensive and complete view of her discography, unlike her previous greatest hits releases. It topped the charts in Ireland, Scotland, and the United Kingdom, and peaked at number 15 on the Billboard 200 in the United States. The Essential Barbra Streisand also reached the top ten in several countries and was included on four year-end lists. The album has since been certified Platinum in Australia, Europe, New Zealand, Spain, and the United States, and multi-platinum in the United Kingdom.

Title: Barbra Streisand's Greatest Hits
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbra_Streisand%27s_Greatest_Hits
Excerpt: Barbra Streisand's Greatest Hits is the first greatest hits album recorded by American vocalist Barbra Streisand. It was released in January 1970, by Columbia Records. The record is a compilation consisting of 11 commercially successful singles from the singer's releases in the 1960s, with a majority of them being cover songs. The songs on Barbra Streisand's Greatest Hits originally appeared on one of the singer's eight previous albums and span in release from 1963 to 1968. It contains her most commercially successful tracks, including her first Billboard Hot 100 top ten single "People" and top 40 entry "Second Hand Rose". The album was distributed on compact disc in 1986 and rereleased under the title The Hits in 2006.
Well received by music critics, Barbra Streisand's Greatest Hits received a five star rating from Rolling Stone. It was also praised by AllMusic's William Ruhlmann, who found the album crucial to reinventing Streisand's career. The album charted in Canada, the United Kingdom, and the United States, peaking at numbers 17, 44, and 32, respectively. It was later certified double Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments of two million copies. The album also received a Gold certification in Australia. A second compilation consisting of Streisand's hits from the 1970s, was released in 1978 and titled Barbra Streisand's Greatest Hits Volume 2.