Title: Classical liberalism
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_liberalism
Excerpt: Classical liberalism (sometimes called English liberalism, and historically called Whiggism) is a political tradition and a branch of liberalism that advocates free market and laissez-faire economics and civil liberties under the rule of law, with special emphasis on individual autonomy, limited government, economic freedom, political freedom and freedom of speech. Classical liberalism, contrary to liberal branches like social liberalism or modern liberalism in the United States, looks more negatively on social policies, taxation and state involvement in the lives of individuals, and it advocates deregulation.
Until the Great Depression and the rise of social liberalism, classical liberalism was called economic liberalism. Later, the term was applied as a retronym, to distinguish earlier 19th-century liberalism from social liberalism. By modern standards, in the United States, the bare term liberalism often means social or progressive liberalism and is associated with the center-left, but in Europe and Australia, the bare term liberalism often means classical liberalism.
Classical liberalism developed in the early 18th century, building on ideas dating back to the 16th century, and was foundational to the American Revolution and the "American Project" more broadly. Notable liberal individuals whose ideas contributed to classical liberalism include John Locke, François Quesnay, Jean-Baptiste Say, Montesquieu, David Hume, Edward Gibbon, Denis Diderot, Voltaire, Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Marquis de Condorcet, Thomas Paine, Thomas Malthus, and David Ricardo. It drew on classical economics, especially the economic ideas espoused by Adam Smith in Book One of The Wealth of Nations, and on a belief in natural law. In contemporary times, Ayn Rand, Murray Rothbard, Friedrich Hayek, Milton Friedman, Ludwig von Mises, Thomas Sowell, Walter E. Williams, George Stigler, Larry Arnhart, Ronald Coase and James M. Buchanan are seen as the most prominent advocates of classical liberalism. However, other scholars have made reference to these contemporary thoughts as neoclassical liberalism, distinguishing them from 18th-century classical liberalism.
In its defense of economic liberties, classical liberalism may be described as right-wing, though classical liberals tend to reject the right's higher tolerance for economic protectionism. Conversely, in its defense of civil liberties, it has more in common with modern liberalism (the left), though classical liberalism tends to reject the left's inclination for collective group rights due to its central principle of individualism. Additionally, in the United States, classical liberalism is considered closely tied to, or synonymous with, American libertarianism.

Title: Liberalism in South Africa
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberalism_in_South_Africa
Excerpt: Liberalism in South Africa has encompassed various traditions, social movements, and parties pursuing the adoption and establishment of liberalism in the country. Various South Africans have contributed prominently to liberalism in the country.

Title: Liberal Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Liberal Party (Norwegian: Venstre, lit. 'Left', V; Northern Sami: Gurutbellodat) is a social liberal political party in Norway. It was founded in 1884 and is the oldest political party in Norway. The Liberal Party is positioned on the centre to centre-right of the political spectrum. It is a liberal party which has over time enacted reforms such as parliamentarism, freedom of religion, universal suffrage, and state schooling.
For most of the late 19th and early 20th century, it was Norway's largest and most dominant political party. Later, in the postwar era it lost most of its support and became a smaller party. The party has nevertheless participated in several centrist and centre-right government coalitions in the postwar era and it is aligned with the country's centre-right bloc alongside the Conservative Party, Christian Democratic Party and the Progress Party. Guri Melby has served as the party leader since 2020.
The party was founded in 1884. With support mainly from farmers and progressive members of the bourgeoisie, it was the first political party that came into existence in Norway, and was the dominant governmental party for several decades. It has always had a close relationship with the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights, which was founded in the same year by prominent Liberal Party politicians. The party has played a central role in advocating for women's suffrage in Norway. Since the 1880s the party has seen many internal schisms. A politically moderate and religious wing broke away in 1888 to form the Moderate Liberal Party and the conservative-liberal faction, including the former Prime Minister of Norway Christian Michelsen who broke away in 1909 to form the Free-minded Liberal Party (both parties eventually merged into the Conservative Party). The most notable recent schism was in 1972 when the Liberal Party decided to oppose Norwegian membership in the European Economic Community (EEC). The faction supporting membership broke away and formed the Liberal People's Party. The party has since endorsed Norwegian membership in the EU and is currently a strong proponent.

Title: Conservative liberalism
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conservative_liberalism
Excerpt: Conservative liberalism, also referred to as right-liberalism, is a variant of liberalism combining liberal values and policies with conservative stances, or simply representing the right wing of the liberal movement. In the case of modern conservative liberalism, scholars sometimes see it as a less radical variant of classical liberalism; it is also referred to as an individual tradition that distinguishes it from classical liberalism and social liberalism. Conservative liberal parties tend to combine economically liberal policies with more traditionally conservative stances and personal beliefs on social and ethical issues. Despite some differences, there are strong similarities between original ordoliberalism and the conservative-liberal  thought, particularly in its German, British, Canadian, French, Italian, and American manifestations and it can be considered one of its components.
In general, liberal conservatism and conservative liberalism have different philosophical roots. Historically, liberal conservatism refers mainly to the case where conservatives embrace the elements of classical liberalism, and conservative liberalism refers to classical liberals who support a laissez-faire economy as well as socially conservative principles. Since conservatives gradually accepted classical liberal institutions, there is very little to distinguish liberal conservatives from conservative liberals. Neoconservatism has also been identified as an ideological relative or twin to conservative liberalism, and some similarities exist also between conservative liberalism and national liberalism.

Title: Liberal Zionism
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_Zionism
Excerpt: Liberal Zionism (Hebrew: ציונות ליברלית, romanized: tsiyonut libralit) is a type of Zionism associated with liberal values, often with an idea of maintaining Israel as a Jewish and democratic state. In addition, supporters usually advocate for secularism, liberal democracy, free market principles and adherence to human rights and often support for the two-state solution.
Liberal Zionism originated from the original ideology of Theodor Herzl and Ahad Ha'am and is marked by a concern for democratic values and human rights, freedom to criticize government policies without accusations of disloyalty, and rejection of excessive religious influence in public life. Liberal Zionists see that "Jewish history shows that Jews need and are entitled to a nation-state of their own. But they also think that this state must be a liberal democracy, which means that there must be strict equality before the law independent of religion, ethnicity or gender."
Currently, the main parties that hold Liberal Zionist views include Yesh Atid, Blue and White, and Yashar. Since 2023, many Liberal Zionists have participated in judicial reform protests to oppose what they view as democratic backsliding under prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu's government. Yair Lapid, leader of Yesh Atid who briefly served as prime minister, regularly spoke critically of Netanyahu and of religious coercion.