Title: 1960s
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1960s
Excerpt: The 1960s (pronounced "nineteen-sixties", shortened to the "'60s" or the "Sixties") was the decade that began on January 1, 1960, and ended on December 31, 1969.
While the achievements of humans being launched into space, orbiting Earth, performing spacewalks, and walking on the Moon extended exploration, the Sixties are known as the "countercultural decade" in the United States and other Western countries. There was a revolution in social norms, including religion, morality, law and order, clothing, music, drugs, dress, sexuality, formalities, civil rights, precepts of military duty, and schooling. Some people denounce the decade as one of irresponsible excess, flamboyance, the decay of social order, and the fall or relaxation of social taboos. A wide range of music emerged, from popular music inspired by and including the Beatles (in the United States known as the British Invasion) to the folk music revival, including the poetic lyrics of Bob Dylan. In the United States the Sixties were also called the "cultural decade" while in the United Kingdom (especially London) it was called the Swinging Sixties.
The United States had four presidents that served during the decade: Dwight D. Eisenhower, John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson and Richard Nixon. Eisenhower was near the end of his term and left office in January 1961, and Kennedy was assassinated in 1963. Kennedy had wanted Keynesian and staunch anti-communist social reforms. These were passed under Johnson including civil rights for African Americans and health care for the elderly and the poor. Despite his large-scale Great Society programs, Johnson was increasingly disliked by the New Left at home and abroad. For some, May 1968 meant the end of traditional collective action and the beginning of a new era to be dominated mainly by the so-called new social movements.
After the Cuban Revolution led by Fidel Castro, the United States attempted to depose the new leader by training Cuban exiles and invading the island of Cuba. This led to Cuba to ally itself to the Soviet Union, a hostile enemy to the United States, resulting in an international crisis when Cuba hosted Soviet ballistic missiles similar to Turkey hosting American missiles, which brought the possibility of causing World War III. However, after negotiations between the U.S. and the U.S.S.R, both agreed to withdraw their weapons averting potential nuclear warfare.
After U.S. president Kennedy's assassination, direct tensions between the superpower countries of the United States and the Soviet Union developed into a contest with proxy wars, insurgency funding, puppet governments and other overall influence mainly in Latin America, Africa, and Asia. This "Cold War" dominated the world's geopolitics during the decade. Construction of the Berlin Wall by East Germany began in 1961. Africa was in a period of radical political change as 42 countries gained independence from their European colonial rulers, including 22 countries became independent from the French colonial empire, 12 from the British Empire, 5 from Portugal and 3 from Belgium. The heavy-handed American role in the Vietnam War lead to an anti-Vietnam War movement with outraged student protestors around the globe culminating in the protests of 1968.
China saw the end of Mao's Great Leap Forward in 1962 that led to many Chinese to die from the deadliest famine in human history and the start of the Cultural Revolution from 1966 to 1976. Its stated goal was to preserve Chinese communism by purging remnants of capitalist and traditional elements from Chinese society, leading to the arrests of many Chinese politicians, the killings of millions of civilians and ethnic minorities, and the destruction of many historical and cultural buildings, artifacts and materials all of which would last until the death of Mao Zedong.
By the end of the 1950s, post-war reconstructed Europe began an economic boom. World War II had closed up social classes with remnants of the old feudal gentry disappearing. A developing upper-working-class (a newly redefined middle-class) in Western Europe could afford a radio, television, refrigerator and motor vehicles. The Soviet Union and other Warsaw Pact countries were improving quickly after rebuilding from WWII. Real GDP growth averaged 6% a year during the second half of the decade; overall, the worldwide economy prospered in the 1960s with expansion of the middle class and the increase of new domestic technology.
In the United Kingdom, the Labour Party gained power in 1964 with Harold Wilson as prime minister through most of the decade. In France, the protests of 1968 led to President Charles de Gaulle temporarily fleeing the country. Italy formed its first left-of-center government in March 1962 with Aldo Moro becoming prime minister in 1963. Soviet leaders during the decade were Nikita Khrushchev until 1964 and Leonid Brezhnev.
During the 1960s, the world population increased from 3.0 to 3.7 billion people. There were approximately 1.15 billion births and 500 million deaths.

Title: List of people from Illinois
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_from_Illinois
Excerpt: This is a list of notable individuals who come from the state of Illinois, a state within the larger United States of America.

Title: List of people from New York City
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_from_New_York_City
Excerpt: Many notable people have been born in New York City or have adopted it as their home.

Title: 2020 in the United States
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_in_the_United_States
Excerpt: The following is a list of notable events, births and deaths from 2020 in the United States.
The US was heavily impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which by the end of the year killed over 300,000 people within American borders. America also became a political battleground for various issues, with various instances of racism and more so police brutality commencing a wide movement of racial unrest and the George Floyd protests. The year has been characterized by some as among the most tumultuous in American history.
Donald Trump was a central figure to American politics during his final full year of his first term as president, which saw not only the pandemic and racial unrest but also Trump's first impeachment trial and the appointment of Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court. While Trump lost the 2020 election to former Vice President Joe Biden, he disputed the result of the election, and his efforts to overturn the election continues for years. Even after his 2025 inauguration he continued to make claims that the election was stolen.

Title: List of Brown University alumni
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Brown_University_alumni
Excerpt: The following is a partial list of notable Brown University alumni, known as Brunonians. It includes alumni of Brown University and Pembroke College, Brown's former women's college. "Class of" is used to denote the graduation class of individuals who attended Brown, but did not or have not graduated. When solely the graduation year is noted, it is because it has not yet been determined which degree the individual earned.