Title: Real Madrid CF
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_Madrid_CF
Excerpt: Real Madrid Club de Fútbol (Spanish pronunciation: [reˈal maˈðɾið ˈkluβ ðe ˈfuðβol] ) is a Spanish professional association football club based in Madrid. The club competes in La Liga, the top tier of Spanish football.
Founded in 1902 as Madrid Football Club, the club has traditionally worn a white home kit. The honorific title 'Real' is Spanish for "Royal" and was bestowed by Alfonso XIII in 1920. Real Madrid have played their home matches in the Bernabéu since 1947. Unlike most European sporting clubs, Real Madrid's members have owned and operated the club throughout its history. The club is one of the most widely supported in the world and the most followed sports club across social media. It was estimated to be worth $6.6 billion in 2024, making it the world's most valuable football club. In 2024, it became the first football club to make €1 billion ($1.08bn) in revenue. The club anthem is the "Hala Madrid y nada más".
Real Madrid is one of the most successful football clubs in the world and the most decorated club in Europe. In Spanish domestic football, the club has won 71 trophies; a record 36 La Liga titles, 20 Copa del Rey, 13 Supercopa de España, a Copa Eva Duarte and a Copa de la Liga. In International football, Real Madrid have won a record 35 trophies: a record 15 European Cup/UEFA Champions League titles, a record six UEFA Super Cups, two UEFA Cups, a joint-record two Latin Cups, a record one Iberoamerican Cup, and a record nine world championships. Madrid has been ranked joint first a record number of times in the IFFHS Club World Ranking. In UEFA's club ranking, Madrid ranks first in the all-time club ranking.
As one of the three founding members of La Liga never relegated from the top division along with Barcelona and Athletic Bilbao, Real Madrid has many long-standing rivalries, most notably El Clásico with Barcelona and El Derbi Madrileño with Atlético Madrid. The club established itself as a major force in Spanish and European football during the 1950s and 60s, winning five consecutive and six overall European Cups. This success was replicated on the domestic front, with Madrid winning 12 league titles in 16 years. This team, which included Alfredo Di Stéfano, Ferenc Puskás, Paco Gento and Raymond Kopa, is considered by some in the sport to be the greatest of all time. Real Madrid is known for its Galácticos policy, which involves signing the world's best players, such as Ronaldo, Zinedine Zidane and David Beckham to create a superstar team. In 2009, Madrid signed Cristiano Ronaldo for a record-breaking £80 million (€94 million) from Manchester United; he became the club's and history's all-time top goal-scorer. In addition to signing star players, Real Madrid develops homegrown talent through its academy, La Fábrica, which has produced notable graduates such as Raúl, Iker Casillas, and Dani Carvajal, and has supplied the highest number of players to Europe's top five leagues.
Real Madrid was recognized as the greatest football club of the 20th century, receiving the FIFA Centennial Order of Merit in 2004. Real Madrid has the highest number of participations in the European Cup/UEFA Champions League (55), a tournament in which they hold the records for most wins, draws and goals scored. Real Madrid is the only club to have won three consecutive titles in the European Cup/UEFA Champions League twice, achieving this in 1956-58 and 2016-18. In 2024, they won a record-extending 15th Champions League title (the sixth in eleven seasons), recognized as such by Guinness World Records. Real Madrid is the first club across all Europe's top-five leagues to win 100 trophies in all competitions. As of May 2026, Real Madrid are ranked 2nd in UEFA club rankings, and first over 2013–23 coefficient.

Title: La Liga
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Liga
Excerpt: The Campeonato Nacional de Liga de Primera División, commonly known as the Primera División or La Liga, and officially known as LaLiga EA Sports for sponsorship reasons, is a professional association football league in Spain and the highest level of the Spanish football league system. Governed by the Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional, it is contested by 20 teams over 38 matchdays.
A total of 63 teams have competed in La Liga since its inception. Nine clubs have been crowned Spanish champions. Real Madrid and Barcelona have dominated the competition, with 36 and 29 titles respectively. Other successful clubs include Valencia, Atlético Madrid, Athletic Bilbao, and Real Sociedad, while Deportivo La Coruña have also won the title, reflecting a history of success across several Spanish clubs.
As of the 2024–25 season, La Liga is ranked third in the UEFA coefficient rankings based on performances in European competitions over the past five seasons, behind England's Premier League and Italy's Serie A. La Liga has led the coefficient rankings for more years than any other league and has produced the continent's top-rated club more often than any other league. Its clubs have won more UEFA Champions League (20), UEFA Europa League (14), UEFA Super Cup (17) and FIFA Club World Cup (8) titles than those of any other league, while its players have accumulated the most Ballon d'Or awards (24), The Best FIFA Men's Player awards (19) and UEFA Men's Player of the Year awards (12).
La Liga is one of the world's most popular professional sports leagues, with an average attendance of 26,933 for league matches in the 2018–19 season. This is the eighth-highest of any domestic professional sports league and the third-highest of any professional association football league, behind the Premier League and the Bundesliga. By revenue, La Liga ranks seventh among professional sports leagues worldwide, behind the NFL, MLB, the NBA, the Premier League, the NHL and the Bundesliga.

Title: 2006–07 Atlético Madrid season
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006%E2%80%9307_Atl%C3%A9tico_Madrid_season
Excerpt: The 2006–07 season was the 101st season in Atlético Madrid's history and their 70th season in La Liga, the top division of Spanish football. The season ran from 1 July 2006 to 30 June 2007. With the club-record signing of superstarlet Sergio Agüero as well as Mariano Pernía and Raúl García, Atlético aimed to repeat Aguirre's recent feat of taking Osasuna to the UEFA Champions League. The end result was 60 points, the best points haul in its five-season La Liga return, although this was not enough even for UEFA Cup qualification, which resulted in captain Fernando Torres departing for Liverpool, the transfer causing fury among the support. It was the sole season that he and Sergio Agüero played together.
The 2006–07 season was Atlético's most recent without participation in any European competition.

Title: 1998–99 Real Madrid CF season
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1998%E2%80%9399_Real_Madrid_CF_season
Excerpt: The 1998–99 season was Real Madrid's 68th season in La Liga.

Title: 2014–15 Real Madrid CF season
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014%E2%80%9315_Real_Madrid_CF_season
Excerpt: The 2014–15 season was Real Madrid Club de Fútbol's 111th season in existence and the club's 84th consecutive season in the top flight of Spanish football. It covered a period from 1 July 2014 to 30 June 2015. This was also legendary goalkeeper Iker Casillas's 16th and last season at Real Madrid and in La Liga.
After a slow start to the season, Real Madrid went on a record-breaking 22-match winning streak, which included wins against Barcelona and Liverpool, surpassing the previous Spanish record of 18 successive wins set by Frank Rijkaard's Barça in the 2005–06 season. In late December, Real Madrid won their first Club World Cup, defeating San Lorenzo 2–0 in the final. The winning streak came to an end in their opening match of 2015 with a loss to Valencia, leaving the club two short of equalling the world record of 24 consecutive wins. Madrid was in contention for both the La Liga title and the UEFA Champions League until the very end but ultimately came up short, finishing with 92 points in the league, two behind treble-winning Barcelona and losing their Champions League crown to Juventus 2–3 on aggregate in the Champions League semi-finals. Cristiano Ronaldo finished the season scoring 48 league goals, winning his fourth European Golden Shoe, and 61 goals in all competitions, breaking his record from 2011–12. 
Overall, despite playing an attractive attacking football and being the highest scoring team in Europe with 118 league goals, several heartbreaking defeats meant that Real finished the season with two trophies out of six possible, which contributed to the dismissal of Carlo Ancelotti. Ancelotti would return to coach the team in 2021.