Title: Marvel Studios
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Studios
Excerpt: Marvel Studios, LLC, formerly known as Marvel Films, is an American film and television production company. Marvel Studios is the creator of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), a media franchise and shared universe of films and television series produced by the studio, based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics publications. Producer Avi Arad initially founded Marvel Films in December 1993 as part of the Marvel Entertainment Group, before forming Marvel Studios in August 1996 to have greater oversight of the development of Marvel adaptations. The studio originally licensed the film rights for several Marvel characters before beginning to produce its own films in 2004 under the direction of David Maisel, and has since regained many of those rights. Arad left the studio in 2006, and since 2007, it has been led by producer Kevin Feige, who has served as its president since 2008 and has produced each of its MCU films. The Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Studios's parent company, Marvel Entertainment, in 2009. Marvel Studios was transferred in 2015 to the Walt Disney Studios. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures has distributed most of the studio's films since The Avengers (2012). Marvel Studios began developing its own live-action and animated television series in 2018, most of which are connected to its films.
Since 2008, Marvel Studios has released 38 films within the MCU, from Iron Man (2008) to Spider-Man: Brand New Day (2026) and 17 television series since 2021, from WandaVision (2021) to Wonder Man (2026). The studio also operates the smaller Marvel Studios Animation division, which developed the television series What If...? (2021–2024) as the first animated property produced solely by the studio. These films and television series all share continuity with each other, along with five short films called Marvel One-Shots produced by the studio that were released from 2011 to 2014 and three television specials called Special Presentations released from 2022 to 2026. From 2013 until 2020, the Marvel Entertainment division Marvel Television, led by television producer Jeph Loeb, released 12 television series that also acknowledged the MCU continuity. These were produced before that company was folded into Marvel Studios in December 2019, when it became a production label. Since 2024, Marvel Studios has used "Marvel Television" and "Marvel Animation" banners to release its television and animated projects, respectively. Several studio executives oversee the production and development of select films and series as lead producers, including Brad Winderbaum, who has been the head of television and animation, as well as Marvel Comics's publishing and global brands and franchises, since May 2026. Victoria Alonso, who joined the studio in 2006, previously oversaw its physical and post-production process, visual effects, and animation until 2023.
The MCU films produced by Marvel Studios have grossed over $30 billion at the global box office, making it responsible for one of the highest-grossing media franchises and the highest-grossing film franchise of all time. Twelve of the studio's films have grossed more than $1 billion and are among the highest-grossing films of all time: The Avengers, Iron Man 3 (2013), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Captain America: Civil War (2016), Black Panther (2018), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Captain Marvel (2019), Avengers: Endgame (2019), Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019), Spider-Man: No Way Home (2021), Deadpool & Wolverine (2024), and Spider-Man: Brand New Day; Avengers: Endgame was the highest-grossing film of all time from July 2019 until March 2021. In addition to the MCU, Marvel Studios has also been involved with the production of other Marvel-based film franchises that have grossed over $1 billion at the box office, including the X-Men and Spider-Man multi-film franchises, as well as eight direct-to-video short films with the Marvel Animation production company called Marvel Animated Features that were released from 2006 until 2011 as a proof of concept for the MCU. Marvel Studios has consistently featured different animations of its production logo at the opening of most of its productions and operated an in-house visual development department before transitioning to using contractors following layoffs throughout Disney.

Title: List of Marvel Cinematic Universe television series (Marvel Television)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Marvel_Cinematic_Universe_television_series_(Marvel_Television)
Excerpt: The Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) television series are American superhero television shows produced by Marvel Television—not to be confused with the Marvel Studios label of the same name—based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics. The series are set in, or inspired by, the shared universe of the MCU film franchise.
The MCU first expanded to television after Marvel Television was formed in 2010, with that studio producing 12 series with ABC Studios and its production division ABC Signature Studios. These were released from September 2013 to August 2020 across broadcast on ABC, streaming on Netflix and Hulu, and cable on Freeform. The main ABC series were inspired by the films and featured film characters, while a connected group of series for Netflix crossed over with each other. Young adult-focused series were produced for Freeform and Hulu. Numerous additional series were planned that never materialized, including two unaired pilots as well as a group of series for Hulu called "Adventure into Fear" that were planned before Marvel Television was shut down in December 2019; the Adventure into Fear franchise produced the series Helstrom (2020), which ultimately was disconnected from the MCU upon its release.
Despite featuring characters from and numerous references to the MCU films, the series were widely seen as being ignored by Marvel Studios and the films. This is in contrast to later series developed by Marvel Studios. The latter studio began integrating the Marvel Television series more into the MCU in early 2024 starting with the Netflix shows.

Title: Marvel's Netflix television series
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel%27s_Netflix_television_series
Excerpt: Marvel's Netflix television series are a set of interconnected American television series created for the streaming service Netflix, based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics. Produced by Marvel Television and ABC Studios, they are set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), sharing continuity with the franchise's films and other television series. Head of Marvel Television Jeph Loeb revealed the group of shows were known internally as the "Marvel Street-Level Heroes" or "Marvel Knights" series.
A deal between Marvel and Netflix to produce several interconnected series was announced in November 2013, with the individual series Daredevil (2015–2018), Jessica Jones (2015–2019), Luke Cage (2016–2018), and Iron Fist (2017–2018) culminating in the crossover miniseries The Defenders (2017). A spin-off from Daredevil, The Punisher (2017–2019), was ordered in April 2016. The series were all filmed in New York State, forming the state's largest television production commitment across 161 episodes. They star Charlie Cox as Matt Murdock / Daredevil, Krysten Ritter as Jessica Jones, Mike Colter as Luke Cage, and Finn Jones as Danny Rand / Iron Fist, who all star together in The Defenders, as well as Jon Bernthal as Frank Castle / Punisher. Many actors have roles across the different series, including Rosario Dawson who signed a special deal to portray Claire Temple.
The series are believed to have generated strong viewership for Netflix, which did not release exact viewership details at the time, and received positive reviews for their casts and darker take on the MCU. There were some common criticisms of the series, such as for their pacing. Netflix had cancelled all of the series by February 2019, when Marvel's parent company Disney was preparing its own streaming service, Disney+. The series were all removed from Netflix on March 1, 2022, after Disney regained the licenses for them, and they began streaming on Disney+ from March 16, where they were collected under the title "The Defenders Saga".
Contractually, Marvel had to wait two years before they could use the characters without Netflix. Vincent D'Onofrio and Cox were the first actors to reprise their roles in Marvel Studios-produced MCU projects, starting in December 2021. A new Daredevil series, titled Daredevil: Born Again, premiered in 2025 on Disney+, with Cox, D'Onofrio, Bernthal, and other Daredevil cast members returning. Ritter, Colter, and Jones returned for subsequent seasons. Additionally, The Punisher: One Last Kill, a Marvel Television Special Presentation television special starring Bernthal, was released in 2026.

Title: Marvel's ABC television series
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel%27s_ABC_television_series
Excerpt: Marvel's ABC television series are a set of interconnected American television series created for the broadcast network ABC, based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics. Produced by Marvel Television and ABC Studios, they are set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and acknowledge the continuity of the franchise's films and other television series. When categorizing their wider television slate, Marvel considers the ABC series to be their "Marvel Heroes" series.
The first television series in the MCU was Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., developed by The Avengers (2012) writer/director Joss Whedon for Marvel Television and ABC. Starring Clark Gregg as Phil Coulson, reprising his role from the films, the series debuted in September 2013 and ran for seven seasons until August 2020. Marvel Studios was involved in Agent Carter, with Hayley Atwell reprising her role of Peggy Carter from the films, which ran for two seasons from January 2015 to March 2016. Inhumans, a project intended as an MCU film that was redeveloped as a series with IMAX Corporation, was released in 2017. A version of the series' first two episodes were released in IMAX theaters before the series' ABC premiere. Inhumans starred Anson Mount and was canceled after a single season.
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. debuted to strong ratings for ABC, but these steadily dropped and all three series ultimately became modest ratings performers. Reviews for S.H.I.E.L.D. compared it unfavorably to the MCU films at first, but these improved and the response to Agent Carter was more positive. Inhumans was not well received. Marvel and ABC attempted to develop several more series together, including a spin-off from S.H.I.E.L.D. called Marvel's Most Wanted, a comedy based on the Damage Control comics, and a drama centered on the Eternals. Development on any future series was halted when Marvel Television was folded into Marvel Studios in December 2019, though ABC remained committed to featuring Marvel content and began discussions with Marvel Studios for a new series shortly after.