Title: Siv Jensen
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siv_Jensen
Excerpt: Siv Jensen (born 1 June 1969) is a Norwegian politician who served as the leader of the Progress Party from 2006 to 2021. She also held the position as Minister of Finance from 2013 to 2020 in the Solberg Cabinet. She was also a member of the Norwegian parliament from Oslo from 1997 to 2021.
Born and raised in Oslo, Jensen graduated with a degree in business studies from the Norwegian School of Economics. She was first elected to parliament in the 1997 parliamentary election, and has later been re-elected for four consecutive terms. She chaired the parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance and Economic Affairs from 2001 to 2005, and in 2006 succeeded long-time chairman Carl I. Hagen as leader of the Progress Party.
Jensen was the Progress Party's candidate for Prime Minister in the 2009 parliamentary election, which saw record high results for the party. For the 2013 parliamentary election she supported prospects of a coalition government headed by the Conservative Party, and led her party into the Solberg Cabinet, the Progress Party's first ever government participation.
Jensen became Norway's longest-serving Minister of Finance since World War II in October 2019.

Title: Dagrun Eriksen
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dagrun_Eriksen
Excerpt: Dagrun Eriksen (born 28 June 1971 in Kristiansand) is a Norwegian politician for the Christian Democratic Party. She served as deputy leader of the party from 2004 to 2017.

Title: 2011 Norway attacks
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Norway_attacks
Excerpt: On 22 July 2011, 32-year-old far-right extremist Anders Behring Breivik committed two domestic terrorist attacks in Norway against the government, the civilian population, and a Workers' Youth League (AUF) summer camp, in which a total of 77 people were killed.
The first attack was a car bomb explosion in Oslo within Regjeringskvartalet, the executive government quarter of Norway, at 15:25:22 (CEST). The bomb was placed inside a Volkswagen Crafter van next to the tower block housing the office of the then prime minister Jens Stoltenberg. The explosion killed 8 people and injured at least 210 people, 12 severely.
The second attack occurred less than two hours later at a summer camp on the island of Utøya in Tyrifjorden, Buskerud. The camp was organised by the AUF, the youth wing of the ruling Norwegian Labour Party (Ap). Breivik, dressed in a homemade police uniform and showing false identification, arrived at the island claiming to be performing a routine check following the bombing. His presence raised the suspicions of the camp's organizer and subsequently a security guard, prompting Breivik to kill them both. He then opened fire at the participants, killing 69 and injuring 33. Among the dead were friends of Stoltenberg, and the stepbrother of Norway's Queen Mette-Marit. The Utøya attack is the deadliest mass shooting by a lone individual in modern history.
The attack was the deadliest in Norway since World War II. A survey found that one in four Norwegians knew someone affected. The European Union, NATO and several countries expressed their support for Norway and condemned the attacks. The 2012 Gjørv Report concluded that Norway's police could have prevented the bombing and caught Breivik faster at Utøya, and that measures to prevent further attacks and "mitigate adverse effects" should have been implemented.
The Norwegian Police arrested Breivik on Utøya island and charged him with both attacks. His trial took place between 16 April and 22 June 2012 in Oslo District Court, where Breivik admitted carrying out the attacks, but denied criminal guilt and claimed the defence of necessity (jus necessitatis). On 24 August, Breivik was convicted as charged and sentenced to 21 years of preventive detention in prison with the possibility of indefinite five-year extensions for public safety, the maximum sentence allowed in Norway.

Title: Kamzy Gunaratnam
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kamzy_Gunaratnam
Excerpt: Kamzy Gunaratnam (born Khamshajiny Gunaratnam, Tamil: கம்சாயினி குணரத்தினம் (Kamcāyiņi Kuṇarattiņam) in Jaffna, Sri Lanka on 27 March 1988) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. She has served as the Minister of Transport since 2026 and previously served as Oslo’s deputy mayor from 2015 to 2021. Gunaratnam was nominated in second place on the Labour Party's  general election list for Oslo, in the 2021 parliamentary elections for the Storting, which she won.

Title: Solveig Schytz
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solveig_Schytz
Excerpt: Solveig Schytz (born 19 February 1976) is a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party. She has served as deputy member of parliament for Akershus since 2013. She has also served as the Akershus county commissioner for planning, cultural heritage, climate and the environment since 2023.