Title: Rickson Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rickson_Gracie
Excerpt: Rickson Gracie (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈʁiksõ ˈɡɾejsi]; born November 21, 1959) is a Brazilian retired mixed martial artist. He is a member of the Gracie family: the third oldest son of Hélio Gracie, brother to Rorion and Relson Gracie, and half-brother to Rolker, Royce, Robin and Royler Gracie. In the 1980s and 1990s, he was widely considered to be the best fighter of the Gracie clan, and one of the toughest in the world. In July 2017, he was promoted to ninth-degree red belt, the second-highest ranking in Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Rickson Gracie is considered an important pioneer for both Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and mixed martial arts (MMA). He had several vale tudo bouts in Brazil in the 1980s, and in the 1990s Gracie became a high-profile competitor in Japan, having won Vale Tudo Japan 1994 and 1995 tournaments, he also headlined Pride 1 and Pride 4 against popular professional wrestler Nobuhiko Takada, all which are credited to have helped to popularize the sport in Japan. He retired with an undefeated record of 11 wins and no losses, all by submission.

Title: Royler Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royler_Gracie
Excerpt: Royler Gracie (born December 6, 1965) is a Brazilian-American retired mixed martial artist and Brazilian jiu-jitsu practitioner. Gracie ran the Gracie Humaitá school in Rio de Janeiro for many years under his father Helio's direction, and lives  and teaches in La Jolla, CA. Considered a legend of jiu jitsu and submission wrestling, Gracie is a member of both the IBJJF Hall of Fame, and the ADCC Hall of Fame.

Title: Gracie family
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gracie_family
Excerpt: The Gracie family (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈɡɾejsi]) is a family of martial artists originally from Belém, in Pará, Brazil, whose ancestors came from Paisley, Scotland. They are known for promoting the self-defense martial arts system of Gracie jiu-jitsu, commonly known as Brazilian jiu-jitsu, originating from Kano jiu-jitsu (Judo) brought to Brazil by judoka prizefighter Mitsuyo Maeda.
They have been successful in combat sports competitions for over 80 years, representing their self-defense system (Gracie jiu-jitsu) including mixed martial arts (MMA), vale tudo and submission wrestling events. Several members were involved in the creation of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), along with promoter Art Davie.
As a family, the Gracies upheld the "Gracie Challenge", a martial arts challenge intended to showcase the effectiveness of their style of grappling against other martial arts disciplines. Members have an affinity to, and are consanguineously related to, the Machado family.

Title: Megaton Dias
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megaton_Dias
Excerpt: Wellington Leal Dias Santos (born October 2, 1967), known as Megaton Dias, is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) practitioner and instructor. He holds a 7th-degree coral belt under the Gracie Humaitá lineage, led by Royler Gracie. Dias began his training in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and studied under Royler Gracie, Rickson Gracie, and Helio Gracie. He earned his BJJ black belt at the age of 18 and later achieved the coral belt rank.
Dias earned his nickname "Megaton" due to his judo-inspired techniques, particularly his ability to throw opponents high into the air. SubFighter named this the top-ranked nickname in mixed martial arts (MMA) in 2007.

Title: Rolls Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls_Gracie
Excerpt: Rolls Gracie (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʁowz ˈɡɾejsi]; March 28, 1951 – June 6, 1982) was a Brazilian martial artist. He was a prominent member of the Gracie family known for their founding of Brazilian jiu-jitsu and considered by some the family's best ever fighter. He was teacher of Rickson Gracie, Carlos Gracie Jr., Royler Gracie, Maurício "Maurição" Motta Gomes, Márcio "Macarrão" Stambowsky, Rigan Machado and Romero "Jacare" Cavalcanti. He died in a hang-gliding accident in 1982. He is the father of Rolles Gracie and Igor Gracie.