Title: Wendigo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendigo
Excerpt: Wendigo () is a mythological creature or evil spirit originating from Algonquian folklore. The concept of the wendigo has been widely used in literature and other works of art, such as social commentary and horror fiction.
The wendigo is often said to be a malevolent spirit, sometimes depicted as a creature with human-like characteristics, who may possess human beings. It is said to cause its victims a feeling of insatiable hunger, the desire to eat other humans, and the propensity to commit murder. In some representations, the wendigo is described as a giant humanoid with a heart of ice, whose approach is signaled by a foul stench or sudden unseasonable chill.
In modern psychiatry, the disorder known as "Wendigo psychosis" is characterized by symptoms such as an intense craving for human flesh and fear of becoming a cannibal. Wendigo psychosis is described as a culture-bound syndrome. In some First Nations communities, symptoms such as insatiable greed and destruction of the environment are also thought to be symptoms of wendigo psychosis.
The wechuge is a similar being that appears in the legends of the Athabaskan people of the Northwest Pacific Coast. It too is cannibalistic; however, it is characterized as enlightened with ancestral insights.

Title: Joe Coleman (painter)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joe_Coleman_(painter)
Excerpt: Joseph Coleman (born November 22, 1955) is an American painter, illustrator, actor and performance artist. He has been described as the "walking ghost of Old America" by his wife, photographer Whitney Ward, for his over-riding interest in the historical arcana and personae that often populate his paintings. Of Coleman's work, The New York Times wrote that, “If P. T. Barnum had hired Breughel or Bosch to paint sideshow banners, they might have resembled the art of Joe Coleman.” While Berlin's Tagesspiegel said of Coleman, "Like [George] Grosz in the 1920s, he holds a drastic mirror up to his own times."
Coleman lives and works in Brooklyn, New York. His apartment and studio, called the Odditorium, is a living museum to his obsessions; a collection of artifacts, objects and documents from wax museums, crime museums, churches, pathology museums and sideshows.

Title: Clinical lycanthropy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clinical_lycanthropy
Excerpt: Clinical lycanthropy is a rare psychiatric syndrome that involves a delusion that the affected person can transform into, has transformed into, or is a non-human animal. Its name is associated with the mythical condition of lycanthropy, a supernatural affliction in which humans are said to physically shapeshift into wolves. Although lycanthropy is defined as transforming into a wolf, current-day researchers often use the term to refer to a broad range of transformations into animals. In earlier years, transforming into animals other than wolves was commonly described as zoanthropy.

Title: Jamie Scott Gordon
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamie_Scott_Gordon
Excerpt: Jamie Scott Gordon is a Scottish actor and writer known for the 2013 horror film Lord of Tears. He is active with the theater project The Village Pub Theatre.

Title: Mental health inequality
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mental_health_inequality
Excerpt: Mental health inequality refers to the unequal distribution of mental health care quality, accessibility, and outcomes among social, economic, and demographic groups. Globally, the World Health Organization estimates that 350 million people are affected with depressive disorders. Mental health can be defined as an individual's well-being and/or the absence of clinically defined mental illness. Inequalities that can occur in mental healthcare may include mental health status, access to and quality of care, and mental health outcomes, which may differ across populations of different race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, sex, gender, socioeconomic statuses, education level, and geographic location. Social determinants of health, more specifically the social determinants of mental health, that can influence an individual's susceptibility to developing mental disorders and illnesses include, but are not limited to, economic status, education level, demographics, geographic location and genetics. Mental health inequalities can be addressed through changes in healthcare policies, culturally responsive mental health interventions, adjunctive therapeutic interventions, and telemedicine.