Title: Canada at the 2004 Summer Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics
Excerpt: Canada competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, from 13 to 29 August 2004. Canadian athletes have competed in every Summer Olympic Games since 1900, except the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow because of the country's support for the US-led boycott.
The Canadian Olympic Committee sent a total of 263 athletes, 130 men and 133 women, to take part in 28 sports.  This was the nation's smallest delegation to the Games, since the nation boycotted the games in 1980. This had become a result of the COC changing its qualification standards, after a reduced medal showing at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, with the aim of sending fewer athletes but focusing its energy on those who have the best chance at winning medals. It has been suggested that the "logical response" of winning fewer medals was diverting funding away from sports where Canadians struggled (track and field) to ones where Canadians excelled (kayak and diving). Athletes that qualified for the Olympics would not be sent to Athens unless they had finished in the top twelve worldwide, a policy that was widely criticized as numerous Canadian Olympic medallists in past Games would have been excluded by such criteria. Over 50 Canadian athletes, including two-time Olympian marathoner Bruce Deacon, did not make the COC's "top 12" cutoff despite achieved the international qualifying standards in their respective sports. After 2004 the COC scrapped this policy but still maintains additional hurdles beyond international standards to ensure that athletes are in shape for the Olympics.
Canada left Athens with a total of 12 medals (3 golds, 6 silver, and 3 bronze), the lowest in Summer Olympic history since 1988. Canada's overall medal count had been dropping in the recent editions of the Summer Olympics, along with the totals for most developed countries as the developing nations capture comparatively more medals. Many expected Canada to win a similar number of medals as they did in 2000. Most of these medals were awarded to the athletes in canoeing, cycling, diving, and gymnastics. Sprint kayaker Adam van Koeverden became the most decorated athlete of the Games with two Olympic medals, including a gold in the men's K-1 500 m.
The flag bearer was two-time Olympic medallist Nicolas Gill, a judoka. A mild controversy developed after it was revealed that Gill had made comments in favour of Quebec separatism, and had voted yes in the 1995 Quebec referendum. Gill went on to lose his opening match and was eliminated from the tournament, which was seen as symbolic of Canada's 2004 Olympic woes.

Title: Australia at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Australia has sent athletes to every Summer Olympic Games, as well as every Winter Olympic Games except 1924–32 and 1948. In 1908 and 1912, Australia competed with New Zealand under the name Australasia.

Title: China at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: The People's Republic of China (commonly known as China)'s participation in the Olympic games is relatively recent. Largely due to the Cultural Revolution and the International Olympic Committee's recognition of the Republic of China, The People's Republic of China did not participate in the Olympics for over 20 years; recognition of the Chinese Olympic Committee—or CHN—did not happen until 1979. The People's Republic of China sent its first full athletic delegation to the Summer Olympic Games in the 1984 Summer Olympics which was held in Los Angeles, United States.
As of 2026, China has finished at 1st place in the Summer Olympics once, at 2nd place four times, and 3rd place twice. It has won a total of 330 gold medals, 262 silver medals and 227 bronze medals over the course of 13 Olympic games.
With the nation's 12th appearance at the Summer and 13th appearance at the Winter Olympics, China is the most successful country overall in the Asia–Oceania region, making them the 3rd most successful country in Olympic history, after the United States and the Soviet Union.

Title: Canada at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Canada has sent athletes to every Winter Olympic Games and every Summer Olympic Games since its debut at the 1900 games with the exception of the 1980 Summer Olympics, which it boycotted along with the US and other countries. Canada has won at least one medal at every Olympics in which it has competed.  The Canadian Olympic Committee (COC) is the National Olympic Committee for Canada.
At the 2010 Winter Olympics, Canada would win more gold medals than any other competing nation for the first time. Canada also served as the host nation of the 2010 Winter Olympics, with the games taking place in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Title: Brazil at the 2008 Summer Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazil_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics
Excerpt: Brazil sent a delegation to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China, in August 2008. Brazilian athletes have competed in every Summer Olympic Games since 1920, except the 1928 Summer Olympics. The country is represented by the Brazilian Olympic Committee (COB – Comitê Olímpico Brasileiro). Brazil headed to the Beijing Games with its largest Olympic delegation at the time, 277 athletes, including 132 women.
The 17 medals won by Brazil topped the previous medal count record set in 1996, and included the first individual medal and the first individual gold earned by women, by judoka Ketleyn Quadros and jumper Maurren Maggi, respectively.  Three of the medals were gold, by Maggi, swimmer César Cielo and the female volleyball team.
Brazil won the first medal ever in taekwondo, when Natália Falavigna won the bronze medal in women's +67 kg. Brazil also won its first gold medal ever in swimming, achieved by César Cielo in men's 50 m freestyle.