Title: Japanese literature
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japanese_literature
Excerpt: Japanese literature throughout most of its history has been influenced by cultural contact with neighboring Asian literatures, most notably China and its literature. Early texts were often written in pure Classical Chinese or kanbun (漢文, lit. 'Chinese writing'), a style of Classical Chinese influenced by Japanese. Indian literature also had an influence through the spread of Buddhism in Japan.
During the Heian period, Japan's original kokufū culture (lit. 'national culture') developed and literature also established its own style, with the significant usage and development of kana (仮名) to write Japanese literature.
Following the end of the sakoku policy and especially during the increasing westernization of the Meiji era, Western literature has also had an influence on the development of modern Japanese writers, while Japanese literature has in turn become more recognized internationally, leading to two Japanese Nobel laureates in literature, namely Yasunari Kawabata and Kenzaburō Ōe.

Title: List of craters on Mercury
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_craters_on_Mercury
Excerpt: This is a list of named craters on Mercury, the innermost planet of the Solar System (for other features, see list of geological features on Mercury). Most Mercurian craters are named after famous writers, artists and composers. According to the rules by IAU's Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature, all new craters must be named after an artist that was famous for more than fifty years, and dead for more than three years, before the date they are named. Craters larger than 250 km in diameter are referred to as "basins" (also see § Terminology).
As of 2025, there are 444 named Mercurian craters, a small fraction of the total number of named Solar System craters, most of which are lunar, Martian and Venerian craters.
Other, non-planetary bodies with numerous named craters include Callisto (141), Ganymede (131), Rhea (128), Vesta (90), Ceres (90), Dione (73), Iapetus (58), Enceladus (53), Tethys (50) and Europa (41). For a full list, see List of craters in the Solar System.

Title: Ihara Saikaku
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ihara_Saikaku
Excerpt: Ihara Saikaku (井原 西鶴) (Japanese pronunciation: [i.ha.ɾa saꜜi.ka.kɯ, iꜜ.ha.ɾa | saꜜi.ka.kɯ], 1642 – September 9, 1693) was a Japanese poet and creator of the "floating world" genre of Japanese prose (ukiyo-zōshi).
His born name may have been Hirayama Tōgo (平山藤五), the son of a wealthy merchant in Osaka, and he first studied haikai poetry under a follower of Matsunaga Teitoku and later studied under Nishiyama Sōin of the Danrin school of poetry, which emphasized comic linked verse. Scholars have described numerous extraordinary feats of solo haikai composition at one sitting; most famously, over the course of a single day and night in 1677 Saikaku is known to have composed 1,600 haikai verses  and an amazing 23,500 verses in a single day and night in 1684.
Later in life he began writing racy accounts of the financial and amorous affairs of the merchant class and the demimonde. These stories catered to the whims of the newly prominent merchant class, whose tastes of entertainment leaned toward the arts and pleasure districts.

Title: Ihara
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ihara
Excerpt: Ihara (written: 井原 or 伊原) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Haruki Ihara (伊原 春樹; born 1949), Japanese baseball player and manager
Isamu Ihara (井原 勇; 1926–2007), Japanese politician
Junichi Ihara (伊原 純一; born 1956), Japanese diplomat
Katsuhiko Ihara (井原 勝彦; born 1943), Japanese rower
Keiko Ihara (井原 慶子; born 1973), Japanese racing driver
Les Ihara Jr. (born 1951), American politician
Masami Ihara (井原 正巳; born 1967), Japanese footballer
Michio Ihara (born 1928), Japanese sculptor
Mitsugu Ihara (庵原 貢; 1903–1979), Japanese naval officer
Rikka Ihara (伊原 六花), Japanese  actress, singer, model, and radio personality
Ihara Saikaku (井原 西鶴; 1642–1693), Japanese poet and writer
Shintaro Ihara (井原 伸太郎; born 1991), Japanese footballer
Takatada Ihara (井原 高忠; 1929–2014), Japanese television director and producer
Tsuyoshi Ihara (伊原 剛志; born 1963), Japanese actor
Yasuhide Ihara (井原 康秀; born 1973) Japanese footballer
Yasutaka Ihara (伊原 康隆; born 1938), Japanese mathematician

Title: Saikaku (crater)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saikaku_(crater)
Excerpt: Saikaku is a crater on Mercury.  Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. The crater is named for Japanese poet Ihara Saikaku.