Title: List of river systems by length
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_river_systems_by_length
Excerpt: This is a list of the longest rivers on Earth. It includes river systems over 1,000 kilometres (620 mi) in length.

Title: Zapopan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zapopan
Excerpt: Zapopan (Latin American Spanish pronunciation: [saˈpopan]) is a city and municipality located in the Mexican state of Jalisco. It is part of the Guadalajara Metropolitan Area. Zapopan is the most populous municipality in the state of Jalisco.
Zapopan is notable for the Basilica of Our Lady of Zapopan, which houses a 16th-century image of the Virgin Mary. The statue has been recognized by various popes and was visited by Pope John Paul II. The municipality is also home to the Centro Cultural Universitario as well as the Estadio Akron, C.D. Guadalajara's official stadium.
The name Zapopan means "among the sapote trees". It derives from the Nahuatl word tzapotl "sapote" with the addition of the locative suffix -pan. The municipality was historically known as 'ex Villa Maicera' (former corn village) due to its past prominence in corn production. The municipal seal, designed by José Trinidad Laris in 1941, commemorates the 400th anniversary of Zapopan's founding.

Title: Ruins of São Miguel das Missões
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ruins_of_S%C3%A3o_Miguel_das_Miss%C3%B5es
Excerpt: The Ruins of São Miguel das Missões (pronounced [ˈsɐ̃w miˈɡɛw dɐz miˈsõjs]; Portuguese for 'St. Michael of the Missions'), also known as São Miguel Arcanjo, and by its former Spanish name Misión de San Miguel Arcángel, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site located in the municipality of São Miguel das Missões, in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, southern Brazil.
The São Miguel Jesuit mission was part of a vast programme of evangelisation by the Jesuits, who extended their efforts eastwards and westwards, leaving a strong mark on many countries around the world, which can still be seen today. The Jesuit settlement was established at a time when the territory was under Spanish rule and was the most notable of the Seven Towns, which have become an important part of the history of Rio Grande do Sul and Brazil and a source of rich traditions. Built in 1687 according to an advanced organisational plan for its location and time, a flourishing civilisation arose there, economically prosperous and prolific in cultural and artistic expressions, where European and indigenous elements were mixed, always, however, with a strong European and Christian orientation. But as soon as it reached its apogee, with the construction of its church between 1735 and 1750, its decline began. Caught up in the political and territorial disputes between Portugal and Spain and the controversies surrounding Jesuit activity, it was one of the centres of the Guaraní War and was burned down and depopulated in 1756. Restored and partially repopulated, it survived a few more years under a new administration after the Jesuits were expelled, and their Order suppressed, but it was already in decline. At the beginning of the 19th century it was looted, and its last inhabitants dispersed, making its ruin inexorable and falling into complete abandonment.
The restoration of the structures began in 1925, and since then the site has been increasingly valued, undergoing several restoration interventions and being the subject of several projects to promote its material and immaterial legacy. Its church has become one of the best-known images in Rio Grande do Sul, and the complex is a major tourist attraction. It is also the main centre of the city where it is located, which was formed as a result of its construction and is closely linked to it on many levels. Indigenous Guaraní communities in the surrounding area hold the site as sacred and as part of their collective memory and identity.

Because of its important historical, architectural and cultural value, the site was listed by the National Institute of Historic and Artistic Heritage (IPHAN) in 1938, was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983, along with the ruins of San Ignacio Miní, Nuestra Señora de Santa Ana, Nuestra Señora de Loreto and Santa María La Mayor, located in Argentinian territory, and in 2015 was granted Brazilian Cultural Heritage status by IPHAN for its associations with Guaraní history and spirituality.

Title: Camino Real de Tierra Adentro
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Camino_Real_de_Tierra_Adentro
Excerpt: El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro (English: The Royal Road of the Interior Land), also known as the Silver Route, was a Spanish 2,560-kilometre-long (1,590 mi) road between Mexico City and San Juan Pueblo (Ohkay Owingeh), New Mexico (in the modern U.S.), that was used from 1598 to 1882. It was the northernmost of the four major "royal roads" that linked Mexico City to its major tributaries during and after the Spanish colonial era.
In 2010, 55 sites and five existing UNESCO World Heritage Sites along the Mexican section of the route were collectively added to the World Heritage List, including historic cities, towns, bridges, haciendas and other monuments along the 1,400-kilometre (870 mi) route between the Historic Center of Mexico City (also a World Heritage Site on its own) and the town of Valle de Allende, Chihuahua.
The 404-mile (650 km) section of the route within the United States was proclaimed the El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro National Historic Trail, a part of the National Historic Trail system, on October 13, 2000. The historic route is overseen by both the National Park Service and the U.S. Bureau of Land Management with aid from the El Camino Real de Tierra Adentro Trail Association (CARTA). A portion of the trail near San Acacia, New Mexico, was listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places in 2014.

Title: List of rivers of Mexico
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_rivers_of_Mexico
Excerpt: This is a list of rivers of Mexico, listed from north to south. There are 246 rivers on this list. Alternate names for rivers are given in parentheses.