Title: How the West Was Fun
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/How_the_West_Was_Fun
Excerpt: How the West Was Fun is a 1994 American contemporary western television film starring Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, with their sister Elizabeth in her film debut. The film premiered on ABC on November 19, 1994.

Title: Georgie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georgie
Excerpt: Georgie is a unisex given name, often a hypocorism of Georgina, Georgiana, or George. Bearers of the name include:

Title: Ghostkeeper
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghostkeeper
Excerpt: Ghostkeeper is a 1981 Canadian supernatural slasher film directed by James Makichuk, and starring Riva Spier, Georgie Collins, and Murray Ord. Its plot centers on a trio of snowmobilers in the Canadian Rockies who become stranded at an abandoned hotel where the elderly female innkeeper is hiding an evil entity within the building. The film is inspired by the Windigo legend of North America.
Filmed in Banff, Alberta under a tax shelter in December 1980, the film had an unstable financial situation and the filmmakers nearly halted the production mid-way through due to depletion of its budget. The film was given a brief theatrical release in Canada and was released directly to video in the United States by New World Pictures. It has attained a cult following in the years since its release.
The independent cult label Code Red Releasing later acquired the film, and released on DVD for the first time in April 2012. In August 2017, they reissued the film on Blu-ray featuring a new 2K scan of the original film elements.

Title: The Boy Who Talked to Badgers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Boy_Who_Talked_to_Badgers
Excerpt: The Boy Who Talked to Badgers is a 1975 American made-for-television adventure film directed by Gary Nelson, starring Christian Juttner and Carl Betz. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and based on the novel Incident at Hawk's Hill by Allan W. Eckert. The film was originally broadcast on NBC as a two-part episode on The Wonderful World of Disney on September 14 and 21, 1975.

Title: Georgie Collins
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georgie_Collins
Excerpt: Eileen Georgina "Georgie" Collins (née Given; June 12, 1925 – May 3, 2017) was a Canadian film, stage, and television actress. Collins is known for her role in the 1981 cult horror film Ghostkeeper, as well as her roles in the television series Lonesome Dove: The Series (1995) and the Steven Spielberg-produced miniseries Into the West (2005).
Born in Calgary and raised in DeBolt, Alberta, Collins began acting in stage productions in the 1960s before making her feature film debut in The Visitor (1974). Subsequent film credits include The Boy Who Talked to Badgers (1975), Rad (1986), Housekeeping (1988), and How the West Was Fun (1994).
In addition to working in film and television, Collins was a longtime prominent figure in Calgary's theater community, working as a director and actress. She served as the artistic director of the Pleiades Theater from 1976 until 1990.