Title: The Leftovers (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Leftovers_(TV_series)
Excerpt: The Leftovers is an American supernatural drama television series created by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta that aired on HBO from June 29, 2014, to June 4, 2017. Based on Perrotta's 2011 novel, the series begins three years after the "Sudden Departure", a global event that resulted in 2% of the world's population disappearing. The lives of police chief Kevin Garvey (Justin Theroux) and his family, along with grieving widow Nora Durst (Carrie Coon) and her brother, Reverend Matt Jamison (Christopher Eccleston), are the focal points of the series as they struggle to adjust to life after the Departure.
The pilot was written by Lindelof and Perrotta and directed by Peter Berg. The series stars an ensemble cast led by Theroux and features Amy Brenneman, Christopher Eccleston, Liv Tyler, Chris Zylka, Margaret Qualley, Carrie Coon, Ann Dowd, Regina King, Jovan Adepo, Kevin Carroll, Janel Moloney, and Scott Glenn. The series was renewed for a second season, which premiered on October 4, 2015, and concluded December 6, 2015. On December 10, 2015, at Lindelof's request to be able to conclude the series, HBO renewed it for a third and final season, which premiered on April 16, 2017, and concluded on June 4, 2017. Over the course of the series, 28 episodes aired over three seasons.
The first season received mostly positive reviews, though one negative review criticized the series for being "clunky" and unsubtle. The series underwent a critical reevaluation during its acclaimed second and third seasons, with many critics referring to The Leftovers as one of the greatest television series of all time, with particular praise for its writing, directing, acting (particularly Theroux's and Coon's) and thematic depth. The musical score composed by Max Richter also attracted critical praise. Despite receiving average Nielsen ratings throughout its run, the series has developed a cult following. The series has been compared favorably to Lost, a previous series co-created by Lindelof.

Title: List of The Leftovers episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_The_Leftovers_episodes
Excerpt: The Leftovers is an American supernatural mystery drama television series created and produced by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta, based on Perrotta's novel of the same name. It premiered on HBO on June 29, 2014, and ran for three seasons, ending on June 4, 2017. The series features an ensemble cast that includes Justin Theroux, Amy Brenneman, Christopher Eccleston, Liv Tyler, Chris Zylka, Margaret Qualley, Carrie Coon, Ann Dowd, Regina King, Kevin Carroll and Jovan Adepo. 
The series takes place in a variety of locations, including New York (seasons 1–2), Texas (seasons 2–3) and Victoria, Australia (season 3). It begins three years after the "Sudden Departure", a global event that resulted in 2% of the world's population disappearing, and follows the lives of those who were left behind. 
During the course of the series, 28 episodes of The Leftovers aired over three seasons.

Title: Pilot (The Leftovers)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pilot_(The_Leftovers)
Excerpt: "Pilot" is the series premiere of the HBO drama television series The Leftovers. It aired in the United States on June 29, 2014. The series is based on Tom Perrotta's novel of the same name. It received mostly positive reviews, with critics praising its themes and the performances of the cast.

Title: Gladys (The Leftovers)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gladys_(The_Leftovers)
Excerpt: "Gladys" is the fifth episode of the first season of the American supernatural drama television series The Leftovers, based on the novel of the same name by Tom Perrotta. The episode was written by series creators Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta, and directed by Mimi Leder. It was first broadcast on HBO in the United States on July 27, 2014.
The series is set three years after the "Sudden Departure" – an event which saw 2% of the world's population (approximately 140 million people) disappear and profoundly affected the townspeople. The characters of police chief Kevin Garvey and his family (wife Laurie, son Tom, daughter Jill and father Kevin Sr.) are focal points, alongside grieving widow Nora Durst, her brother Reverend Matt Jamison, and the mysterious cult-like organization the Guilty Remnant (GR), led by Patti Levin. In the episode, unknown assailants kill Gladys, a loyal member of the Guilty Remnant. Kevin investigates the murder, despite the police's indifference to her death.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 1.59 million household viewers and gained a 0.8 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised the performances and character development. Gladys' death scene drew polarized reactions, with some deeming it appropriate for the series' tone while others criticized its violent nature.

Title: The Prodigal Son Returns (The Leftovers)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Prodigal_Son_Returns_(The_Leftovers)
Excerpt: "The Prodigal Son Returns" is the tenth episode and season finale of the first season of the American supernatural drama television series The Leftovers, based on the novel of the same name by Tom Perrotta. The episode was written by series creators Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta, and directed by Mimi Leder. It was first broadcast on HBO in the United States on September 7, 2014.
The series is set three years after the "Sudden Departure" – an event which saw 2% of the world's population (approximately 140 million people) disappear and profoundly affected the townspeople. The characters of police chief Kevin Garvey and his family (wife Laurie, son Tom, daughter Jill and father Kevin Sr.) are focal points, alongside grieving widow Nora Durst, her brother Reverend Matt Jamison, and the mysterious cult-like organization the Guilty Remnant (GR), led by Patti Levin. In the episode, GR plans their next move with Patti's plan, while Kevin asks Matt for help in the cabin.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 1.53 million household viewers and gained a 0.7 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received critical acclaim, with critics praising the performances (Justin Theroux), writing, themes, directing, character development and closure.