Title: Costus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costus
Excerpt: Costus is a genus of herbaceous perennial plants in the family Costaceae, described by Linnaeus in 1753. It is widespread through tropical and subtropical regions of Asia, Africa, and the Americas.
Costus is often characterized and distinguished from relatives such as Zingiber (true ginger) by its spiraling stems. The genus as a whole is thus often called spiral gingers, but this can also refer to C. barbatus specifically. It is important not to confuse Costus scaber, C. spectabilis etc. with the herb known by the common name "costus".
Costus spectabilis is the floral emblem of Nigeria; its flowers are represented (erroneously in red instead of yellow color) on its coat of arms.
Costus productus and Costus guanaiensis are among the species of Costus with edible flowers. Other Costus species' flowers have also been determined to be edible.
Some Costus species have traditional medicinal and veterinary uses. For example, in Trinidad and Tobago, a mix of Costus scaber juice and crushed Renealmia alpinia berries is used to treat dogs bitten by snakes.
Costus naturally hybridizes, and commercial hybrids have also been produced.

Title: Dolomiaea costus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolomiaea_costus
Excerpt: Dolomiaea costus, formerly known as Saussurea costus, commonly known as costus, Indian costus, kuth, or putchuk, is a species of thistle in the genus Dolomiaea native to South Asia and China. Rishi (Hindu) mystics of Kashmir especially ate this plant. Essential oils extracted from the root have been used in traditional medicine and in perfumes since ancient times.
Costus is the root of this plant. The root of the plant is the key part used for medicinal or homeopathic purposes. The root is also called by its Latin name radix aucklandiae (root of Aucklandia).
It has a large number of names in other languages, including kuṣṭha in Sanskrit; kust or qust in Arabic and Persian; kut, kur, and pachak in Hindi and Bengali, kostum, gostham,  and potchuk in Tamil; upaleta and kur in Gujarati; kot or kust in Punjabi; changala in Telugu; sepuddy in Malayalam; kostha in Kannada; kuth or postkhai in Kashmiri; and kosht (קשט) in Hebrew; koto in Swahili; mu xiang in Chinese.

Title: Costus spicatus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costus_spicatus
Excerpt: Costus spicatus, also known as spiked spiralflag ginger or Indian head ginger, is a species of herbaceous plant in the Costaceae family (also sometimes placed in Zingiberaceae). Common names in the Antilles include cumani, gengibre cimarron, gengibrillo, canne d’eau, and la canne de rivière.

Title: Costus woodsonii
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costus_woodsonii
Excerpt: Costus woodsonii, the red button ginger or scarlet spiral flag, is a species of flowering plant in the family Costaceae, native to Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, and Colombia. A rhizomatous geophytic perennial, it is recommended for coastal gardens, borders, containers, and general wet, tropical garden applications. It is more widely cultivated than other species of Costus. Costus woodsonii was first described by Paul Maas in 1972 and is named for Robert Woodson of the Missouri Botanical Garden.
Costus woodsonii flowers all year round. Unlike other Costaceae, Costus woodsonii can grow in sandy, coastal areas.

Title: Costus afer
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costus_afer
Excerpt: Costus afer, English ginger lily or common ginger lily, is a species of plant native to Tropical Africa.
Costus afer is widely cultivated. It has many traditional uses, including but not limited to treating a range of medical ailments. Costus afer is high in diosgenin.
Costus afer has a wide native distribution spanning North East Africa, West Africa, Central Africa, East Africa, and Southern Tropical Africa.
Costus afer is sometimes confused with other African species of Costus, such as Costus dubius and Costus lucanusianus. It is also similar looking to Costus louisii.