Title: Kinuyo Tanaka
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinuyo_Tanaka
Excerpt: Kinuyo Tanaka (Japanese: 田中 絹代, Hepburn: Tanaka Kinuyo; 29 November 1909 – 21 March 1977) was a Japanese actress and film director. She had a career lasting over 50 years with more than 250 acting credits, but was best known for her 15 films with director Kenji Mizoguchi, such as The Life of Oharu (1952) and Ugetsu (1953). With her 1953 directorial debut, Love Letter, Tanaka became the second Japanese woman to direct a film, after Tazuko Sakane. Tanaka won the Silver Bear for Best Actress for her performance in the film Sandakan No. 8 (1974).

Title: Kenji Mizoguchi
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenji_Mizoguchi
Excerpt: Kenji Mizoguchi (溝口 健二, Mizoguchi Kenji; 16 May 1898 – 24 August 1956) was a Japanese filmmaker who directed roughly one hundred films during his career between 1923 and 1956. His most acclaimed works include The Story of the Last Chrysanthemums (1939), The Life of Oharu (1952), Ugetsu (1953), and Sansho the Bailiff (1954), with the latter three all being awarded at the Venice International Film Festival. A recurring theme of his films was the oppression of women in historical and contemporary Japan. Together with Akira Kurosawa and Yasujirō Ozu, Mizoguchi is seen as a representative of the "golden age" of Japanese cinema.

Title: Ugetsu
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ugetsu
Excerpt: Ugetsu (雨月物語, Ugetsu Monogatari, lit. "Rain-moon tales") is a 1953 Japanese period fantasy film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi starring Masayuki Mori and Machiko Kyō. It is based on the stories "The House in the Thicket" and "The Lust of the White Serpent" from Ueda Akinari's 1776 book Ugetsu Monogatari, combining elements of the jidaigeki (period drama) genre with a ghost story.
Drawing from Ueda's tales, the film is set in Japan's civil war–torn Azuchi–Momoyama period (1568–1600). In a small rural community, a potter leaves his wife and young son behind to make money selling pottery and ends up being seduced by a spirit that makes him forget all about his family. A subplot, inspired by Guy de Maupassant's 1883 short story "How He Got the Legion of Honor" ("Décoré !"), involves his brother-in-law, who dreams of becoming a samurai and chases this goal at the unintended expense of his wife.
The film won the Silver Lion Award at the 1953 Venice Film Festival and other honours. Ugetsu is one of Mizoguchi's most celebrated films, regarded by critics as a masterpiece of Japanese cinema, credited with simultaneously helping to popularize Japanese cinema in the West and influencing later Japanese film.

Title: Sisters of the Gion
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sisters_of_the_Gion
Excerpt: Sisters of the Gion (Japanese: 祇園の姉妹, Hepburn: Gion no kyōdai) or Sisters of Gion is a 1936 black and white Japanese drama film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi about two geisha sisters living in Kyoto's Gion district; it forms a diptych with Mizoguchi's Osaka Elegy which shares much of the same cast and production team.  It is based on the novel Yama: The Pit by Alexander Kuprin.

Title: Iwao Ōtani
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iwao_%C5%8Ctani
Excerpt: Iwao Ōtani (Japanese: 大谷 巌, Hepburn: Ōtani Iwao; 1919 – August 3, 2017) was a Japanese recording engineer who worked with influential film directors Akira Kurosawa and Kenji Mizoguchi.
Ōtani worked on Kurosawa's 1950 film Rashomon in Kyoto. Due to setbacks and some lost audio, the crew took the urgent step of bringing actor Toshiro Mifune back to the studio after filming to record another line, which Ōtani added to the film along with the music, using a different microphone.
He won the Mainichi Film Award for Best Sound Recording for the 1953 film Ugetsu. In 2000, he worked on the sound for Kon Ichikawa's film Dora-heita.
Ōtani died of cerebral infarction on August 3, 2017.