Title: Bande à part (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bande_%C3%A0_part_(film)
Excerpt: Bande à part (French pronunciation: [bɑ̃d a paʁ]) is a 1964 French New Wave film directed by Jean-Luc Godard. It was released as Band of Outsiders in North America; its French title derives from the phrase faire bande à part, which means "to do something apart from the group". The film is about three people who commit a robbery. It received positive critical reviews, and its dance scene has been referenced several times in popular culture.

Title: Song Kang-ho
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_Kang-ho
Excerpt: Song Kang-ho (Korean: 송강호; born 17 January 1967) is a South Korean actor. Regarded as one of the most influential actors in Korean cinema, he has appeared in critically acclaimed films across various genres. He is the recipient of numerous accolades, including a Cannes Film Festival Award, three Baeksang Arts Awards, four Blue Dragon Film Awards, and five Grand Bell Awards. In 2020, The New York Times named him one of the greatest actors of the 21st century.
Song first gained recognition with the crime thriller No. 3 (1997), and later rose to prominence with Park Chan-wook's critically acclaimed film Joint Security Area (2000). He is known for his collaborations with filmmaker Bong Joon-ho in Memories of Murder (2003), The Host (2006), Snowpiercer (2013), and Parasite (2019). Song rose to wider international prominence for his performance in Parasite, which won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival and the Academy Award for Best Picture. He has also worked extensively with director Kim Jee-woon, starring in five of his films: The Quiet Family (1998), The Foul King (2000), The Good, the Bad, the Weird (2008), The Age of Shadows (2016), and Cobweb (2023).
His other notable films include Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance (2002), Secret Sunshine (2007), Thirst (2009), The Attorney (2013), The Throne (2015), A Taxi Driver (2017), and Broker (2022), for the latter of which he won the Best Actor prize at the Cannes Film Festival. Song has been named Gallup Korea's Film Actor of the Year four times (2013, 2017, 2019 and 2020).

Title: The Host (2006 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Host_(2006_film)
Excerpt: The Host  is a 2006 monster film directed and co-written by Bong Joon Ho. It stars Song Kang-ho as food stand vendor Park Gang-du whose daughter Hyun-seo (Go Ah-sung) is kidnapped by a creature dwelling around the Han River in Seoul. Byun Hee-bong, Park Hae-il, and Bae Doona appear in supporting roles as Gang-du's father, brother, and sister, respectively, who help Gang-du escape quarantine against an alleged virus derived from the monster and search for his daughter. Considered a co-production between South Korea and Japan, the film was produced by independent studio Chungeorahm Film and presented by its South Korean distributor Showbox and the Japanese investor Happinet.
Bong had dreamed of making a monster movie since his adolescence, inspired by the Godzilla and Ultraman franchises. The catalyst for The Host was the McFarland incident that occurred in February 2000, when an American civilian working on a military base in South Korea ordered the disposal of formaldehyde down a drain leading to the Han River. Bong devised the story of a monster resulting from this incident and proposed it two years later. In 2003, he started scripting The Host with Ha Joon-won; Baek Chul-hyun joined the pair to revise the script in December 2004. Principal photography lasted from June 2005 to January 2006, mostly taking place in Seoul along the Han River. New Zealand-based special effects company Wētā Workshop modeled the creature and the American studio The Orphanage handled the visual effects. Of the film's $11 million budget, $4.5 million was spent on the over 100 visual effect shots.
An unfinished cut of The Host debuted at the 59th Cannes Film Festival on May 21, 2006, as part of the Directors' Fortnight. The finished film was released in South Korea on July 27, Japan on September 2, and in the United States on March 9, 2007. It became the highest-grossing South Korean film of all time, earning $89–97 million worldwide. Many critics praised The Host as among the best films of 2006 or 2007. The film received several accolades, including the inaugural Asian Film Award for Best Film. A sequel and an American remake were later announced, but neither materialized.
In recent years, The Host has been called one of the best monster and horror films of the 21st century thus far, and it has been listed among the greatest science fiction films ever made. It is regarded as a landmark of Korean cinema and remains among South Korea's highest-grossing films. Some retrospective reviews felt that The Host has grown in relevance as COVID-19 restrictions reflected elements of the film.

Title: Poetry (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poetry_(film)
Excerpt: Poetry (Korean: 시; RR: Si) is a 2010 drama film written and directed by Lee Chang-dong. Starring Yoon Jeong-hee in her first feature credit since 1994 (and the last before her death in 2023), it follows Yang Mi-ja, a suburban woman in her 60s, who begins to develop an interest in poetry while struggling with Alzheimer's disease and her irresponsible grandson.
The film had its world premiere at the main competition of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Best Screenplay award. Other accolades include the Grand Bell Awards for Best Picture and Best Actress, the Blue Dragon Film Awards for Best Actress, the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress, and the Asia Pacific Screen Award for Achievement in Directing and Best Performance by an Actress.
It was theatrically released in South Korea by Next Entertainment World on 13 May 2010.

Title: Kingdom (South Korean TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom_(South_Korean_TV_series)
Excerpt: Kingdom (Korean: 킹덤) is a South Korean zombie sageuk action horror thriller series, created and written by Kim Eun-hee, based on the webtoon series The Kingdom of the Gods (Korean: 신의나라:버닝헬) by Kim Eun-hee and Yang Kyung-il. As Netflix's first original Korean series, it premiered on January 25, 2019. It stars Ju Ji-hoon, Bae Doona, Ryu Seung-ryong, Kim Sang-ho, Kim Sung-kyu, and Kim Hye-jun.
Set in 1601, three years after the end of the Imjin War, Kingdom takes place in a fictional Joseon (now Korea) and blends political thriller with zombie horror. The story follows Lee Chang, the crown prince of the House of Yi, who attempts to investigate the mysterious illness recently afflicting the King, only to find himself caught in the middle of a deadly epidemic ravaging the kingdom. While trying to save the Kingdom from the plague, he must also stop his political opponents from seizing the throne.
The series was positively reviewed and renewed for a second season, which premiered March 13, 2020.
A special feature-length episode of the series, titled "Ashin of the North", was released on July 23, 2021, presenting a focus on the supporting character played by Jun Ji-hyun. The episode acts as a sidequel to the second season of Kingdom. It explores the backstory of Ashin, the mysterious character Lee Chang's group encountered on their journey north to discover the origins of the infected.