Title: Buffalo Bill
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_Bill
Excerpt: William Frederick Cody (February 26, 1846 – January 10, 1917), better known as Buffalo Bill, was an American soldier, bison hunter, and showman. One of the most famous figures of the American Old West, Cody began performing at the age of 23. He performed in shows that displayed cowboy themes and episodes from the frontier and Indian Wars. He founded Buffalo Bill's Wild West in 1883, taking his large company on tours in the United States and, beginning in 1887, in Europe.
He was born in Le Claire, Iowa Territory (now the U.S. state of Iowa), but he lived for several years in his father's hometown in modern-day Mississauga, Ontario, before the family returned to the Midwest and settled in the Kansas Territory. Buffalo Bill started working at the age of 11, after his father's death, and became a rider for the Pony Express at age 15. During the American Civil War, he served the Union from 1863 to the end of the war in 1865. Later he served as a civilian scout for the U.S. Army during the Indian Wars. While he was initially awarded the Medal of Honor in 1872 for his actions in the Indian Wars, he was among 911 recipients to have the award rescinded in 1917. Congress reinstated the medals for Cody and four other civilian scouts in 1989.

Title: List of American comedy films
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_American_comedy_films
Excerpt: This is a list of American comedy films.
Comedy films are separated into two categories: short films and feature films.  Any film over 40 minutes long is considered to be of feature-length (although most feature films produced since 1950 are considerably longer, those made in earlier eras frequently ranged from little more than an hour to as little as four reels, which amounted to about 44 minutes).

Title: Francis Ford (actor)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francis_Ford_(actor)
Excerpt: Francis Ford (born Francis Joseph Feeney; August 14, 1881 – September 5, 1953) was an American film actor, writer and director. He was the mentor and elder brother of film director John Ford. As an actor, director and producer, he was one of the first filmmakers in Hollywood.
He also appeared in many of his brother John's movies as a character actor, including The Informer (1935), Young Mr. Lincoln (1939), and The Quiet Man (1952). He gave a memorable performance as one of the men who is lynched in The Ox-Bow Incident.

Title: List of stock characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_stock_characters
Excerpt: A stock character is a dramatic or literary character representing a generic type in a conventional, simplified manner and recurring in many fictional works. The following list labels some of these stereotypes and provides examples. Some character archetypes, the more universal foundations of fictional characters, are also listed.
Some characters that were first introduced as fully fleshed-out characters become subsequently used as stock characters in other works – for example, the Ebenezer Scrooge character from A Christmas Carol, upon whom the "miser" stereotype is based, and whose name now has become a shorthand for it. Some stock characters incorporate more than one stock character; for example, a bard may also be a wisecracking jester.
Some of the stock characters in this list – reflecting the respective attitudes of the people of the time and the place in which they have been created – in hindsight, may be considered offensive due to their use of racial stereotyping, homophobia, or other prejudice.

Title: List of people with prostate cancer
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_with_prostate_cancer
Excerpt: This is a list of notable individuals who died from or were diagnosed with cancer of prostate. These diagnoses and deaths from this form of cancer have been confirmed by public information and reports.
Prostate cancer is a form of cancer that is typically slow-growing and originates in or on the prostate, a male reproductive gland that surrounds the urethra in proximity of the bladder and rectum. This is a result of malignant cells forming and multiplying at the prostate, which can then spread or metastasize to other organs in the body. The most common areas that cancer metastasizes is the lymph nodes and bones. According to the American Cancer Society, prostate cancer is the most common form of cancer in males after skin cancer. Many cases of prostate cancer present little to no symptoms in early stages. Symptoms may include frequent urination, painful urination and ejaculation, urination and ejaculation difficulties, blood in urine and/or semen, and erectile dysfunction.