Title: David O. Russell
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_O._Russell
Excerpt: David Owen Russell (born August 20, 1958) is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. He has earned numerous accolades including two British Academy Film Awards, and a Golden Globe Award as well as nominations for five Academy Awards.
Russell started his career directing the dark comedy films Spanking the Monkey (1994), Flirting with Disaster (1996), Three Kings (1999), and I Heart Huckabees (2004). He gained critical success with the biographical sports drama The Fighter (2010), the romantic comedy-drama Silver Linings Playbook (2012), and the dark comedy crime film American Hustle (2013). The three films were commercially successful and acclaimed by critics, earning him three Academy Award nominations for Best Director, as well as a Best Adapted Screenplay nomination for Silver Linings Playbook and a Best Original Screenplay nomination for American Hustle. Russell received his seventh Golden Globe nomination for the semi-biographical comedy-drama Joy (2015). He also directed the comedic mystery thriller Amsterdam (2022).
Across his career, Russell has been widely noted for combative and abusive behavior towards crew members and actors in his films, including documented incidents with George Clooney, Lily Tomlin, Amy Adams, Christopher Nolan, and Christian Bale.

Title: Jeff Baena
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeff_Baena
Excerpt: Jeffrey Lance Baena (  BAY-nə; June 29, 1977 – January 3, 2025) was an American screenwriter and film director. His most successful films were 2004's I Heart Huckabees and 2020's Horse Girl, though his projects to receive the most contemporaneous critical acclaim were the 2016 and 2017 films Joshy and The Little Hours. Baena frequently worked with his wife, Aubrey Plaza, and writing partner Alison Brie.
He began his career as a screenwriter, co-writing the 2004 comedy film I Heart Huckabees and, around the same time, seeing his script for Life After Beth enter production before being shelved. Baena, as an independent filmmaker, expanded to directing a decade later and filmed Life After Beth as his directorial debut, starring Aubrey Plaza and released in 2014. Working with producer Liz Destro, Plaza, and an expanding group of frequent collaborators, Baena was then writer-director for Joshy (2016) and The Little Hours (2017), which both became critically acclaimed and found a cult audience.
Among the performers in these films was Alison Brie, with whom Baena struck up a writing partnership and created works produced by Duplass Brothers Productions. They made the 2020 psychological drama film Horse Girl together, Baena's most commercial film, followed by the television anthology series Cinema Toast (2021) and Baena's final film, 2022's Spin Me Round. His first films implement his post-mumblecore style as an improvisation-heavy filmmaker, and his films co-written with Brie are marked by exploration of expectations in film form.

Title: Amsterdam (2022 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amsterdam_(2022_film)
Excerpt: Amsterdam is a 2022 mystery comedy thriller film produced, written, and directed by David O. Russell. It stars Christian Bale (also a producer), Margot Robbie, and John David Washington, alongside an ensemble supporting cast. Based on the Business Plot, a 1933 political conspiracy in the US, it follows three friends—a doctor, a nurse, and a lawyer—who reunite and seek to uncover the act following the mysterious murder of a retired U.S. general.
Filmed in Los Angeles from January to March 2021, it is Russell's first film since Joy (2015). Amsterdam premiered at the Alice Tully Hall on September 18, 2022, and was released theatrically in the United States on October 7 by 20th Century Studios. The film received generally negative reviews from critics, who criticized Russell's screenplay and direction, as well as the lack of chemistry between Robbie and Washington. It was also a box-office bomb, with estimated losses for the studio of over $100 million.

Title: Madden (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madden_(film)
Excerpt: Madden is an upcoming American biographical sports film co-produced and directed by David O. Russell, who co-wrote it based on an earlier version by Cambron Clark. It follows the life of American football coach and commentator John Madden, who is portrayed by Nicolas Cage. The cast also features Christian Bale, Kathryn Hahn, John Mulaney, Sienna Miller, and Shane Gillis.
The film will be released on Prime Video on November 18, 2026.

Title: David O. Russell's unrealized projects
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_O._Russell%27s_unrealized_projects
Excerpt: During his career, film director David O. Russell has worked on a number of projects which never progressed beyond the pre-production stage under his direction. Some of these productions fell in development hell or were cancelled.