Title: Fred Perry
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fred_Perry
Excerpt: Frederick Towersey Perry (18 May 1909 – 2 February 1995) was a British tennis and table tennis player and former world No. 1. He  won 10 Majors, including eight Grand Slam tournaments and two Pro Slams single titles, as well as six Major doubles titles. Perry was the first player to win a "Career Grand Slam", lifting all four singles titles, which he completed at the age of 26 at the 1935 French Championships. He remains the only British player to achieve this feat.
He won three consecutive Wimbledon Championships from 1934 to 1936 and was world amateur No. 1 player during those three years. Prior to Andy Murray in 2013, Perry was the last British player to win the men's Wimbledon championship and the last British player to win a men's singles Grand Slam title until Andy Murray won the 2012 US Open.
Perry's first love was table tennis and he was World Champion in 1929. He began playing tennis aged 14 and his tennis career at 21, when in 1930 an LTA committee chose him to join a four-man team to tour the United States. In 1933, Perry helped lead the Great Britain team to victory over France in the Davis Cup; the team's first success since 1912, followed by wins over the United States in 1934, 1935, and a fourth consecutive title with victory over Australia in 1936. However, due to his disillusionment with the class-conscious nature of the Lawn Tennis Club of Great Britain, the working-class Perry turned professional at the end of the 1936 season and moved to the United States where he became a naturalised U.S. citizen in 1939. In 1942, he was drafted into the US Army Air Force during the Second World War. After retirement, he founded the clothing label Fred Perry in London in 1952. He also had a career in broadcasting, working as a tennis summariser and reporter for BBC Radio from 1959 to 1994.
Despite his unprecedented contribution to British tennis, Perry was not accorded full recognition by tennis authorities until later in life, because between 1927 and 1967 the International Lawn Tennis Federation ignored amateur champions who later turned professional. In 1984, a statue of Perry was unveiled at Wimbledon, and in the same year he became the only tennis player listed in a survey of 2,000 Britons to find the "Best of the Best" British sportsmen of the 20th century.

Title: List of Edmonton Oilers players
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Edmonton_Oilers_players
Excerpt: The Edmonton Oilers are a franchise in the National Hockey League (NHL), based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.  They originated as one of the twelve founding franchises of the World Hockey Association (WHA) in 1972, remaining with the league until it ceased operation after the 1978–79 season. The Oilers were one of four remaining WHA franchises to be admitted to the NHL as expansion teams for the 1979–80 season.
As of completion of the 2022–23 season, 600 players have worn the Oilers jersey in the NHL; 539 skaters (forwards and defencemen) and 61 goaltenders. Sixteen of those NHL Oilers also played at least one game for the WHA Oilers.
Kevin Lowe, the Oilers' first ever NHL draft pick, is the leader for both regular season (1,037) and playoff (172) games in an Oilers uniform, for an overall Oilers-leading total of 1,209 games. Amongst goaltenders, Grant Fuhr is the overall leader for total games played as an Oiler, with 534, which includes a team-leading 111 playoff games; goaltender Bill Ranford is the leader for regular season (449) games played. There have been 27 players (18 skaters and 9 goaltenders) who have played only one game – in all cases, one regular season game – with the NHL Oilers.
The Oilers have won the Stanley Cup five times, with 48 players winning the Cup as an Oiler.  Seven players (Glenn Anderson, Grant Fuhr, Randy Gregg, Charlie Huddy, Jari Kurri, Kevin Lowe and Mark Messier) were members of all five Cup-winning teams. Ten players from the NHL years have gone on to be elected into the Hockey Hall of Fame, most recently Duncan Keith in June 2025. Another three ex-Oilers who only played for the WHA franchise are also in the Hall of Fame.  The Oilers have retired the numbers of eight players.

Title: Donetsk People's Republic
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Donetsk_People%27s_Republic
Excerpt: The Donetsk People's Republic (DPR; Russian: Донецкая Народная Республика (ДНР), romanised: Donetskaya Narodnaya Respublika (DNR), IPA: [dɐˈnʲetskəjə nɐˈrodnəjə rʲɪˈspublʲɪkə]) is a disputed republic of Russia with a capital in Donetsk, established on an illegally annexed part of Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine. The DPR was created in 2014 when Russian-backed paramilitaries took control of settlements in the province. This started an eight-year war against Ukraine. The DPR declared itself to be an independent state, but is often described as a puppet state of Russia during the conflict. It was illegally annexed by Russia in 2022.
Following Ukraine's Revolution of Dignity in 2014, Russia occupied and annexed Crimea from Ukraine. In March 2014, pro-Russian, counter-revolutionary protests began in southeastern Ukraine. In the last census, the population of Donetsk Oblast was 57% ethnic Ukrainian and 38% ethnic Russian. Separatist protesters seized government buildings and proclaimed the Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) as independent states. In April 2014, Russian paramilitaries took control of several towns in the region, starting the war in Donbas, part of the wider Russo-Ukrainian war. Russia covertly supported the separatists with its own troops, tanks and artillery, preventing Ukraine from fully retaking the territory. Russian citizens came to dominate the DPR leadership. In 2018, Ukraine declared the territory to be occupied by Russia. The DPR received no international recognition from any United Nations member state before 2022.
On 21 February 2022, Russia recognised the DPR and LPR as sovereign states. Three days later, it launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine, partially under the pretext of defending the republics. Russian forces captured more of Donetsk Oblast, which became part of the DPR. In September 2022, Russia proclaimed the annexation of the DPR and other occupied territories, following referendums widely described as fraudulent. The United Nations General Assembly passed a resolution condemning the "attempted illegal annexation" and demanding that Russian forces withdraw.
The Head of DPR is Denis Pushilin, and its parliament is the People's Council. As a breakaway state, the ideology of the DPR was shaped by Russian imperialist nationalism, Orthodox fundamentalism, and neo-Sovietism. Russian far-right groups played an important role among the separatists, especially at the beginning of the conflict. Organizations such as the UN Human Rights Office and Human Rights Watch have reported human rights abuses in the DPR, including internment, torture, extrajudicial killings, and forced conscription, as well as political and media repression. The DPR People's Militia has also been held responsible for war crimes, among them the shooting down of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17, killing 298 civilians. Ukraine declared the DPR a terrorist organisation.

Title: Far-right politics in Ukraine
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Far-right_politics_in_Ukraine
Excerpt: Far-right politics does not have widespread electoral support in modern Ukraine. The country's far-right movement emerged in western Ukraine in the 1920s in the aftermath of the failed Ukrainian War of Independence, with the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists (OUN) founded in 1929. It sought to create a Ukrainian state, independent from the Soviet Union and Polish Republic. In 1940, the OUN split into two factions: the Melnykites (OUN-M) led by Andriy Melnyk and the Banderites (OUN-B) led by Stepan Bandera. Both OUN factions collaborated with the Nazis during the Second World War and massacred Ukrainian Jews. The OUN-B formed the Ukrainian Insurgent Army (UPA) in 1942 that resisted the Germans and Soviets and massacred the Polish population of Volhynia and Eastern Galicia. After the war, the UPA continued to wage an insurgency against the Soviet Union until the mid-1950s.
After Ukraine regained independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, several far-right nationalist groups emerged, including the Social-National Party of Ukraine (SNPU), the Ukrainian National Assembly – Ukrainian People's Self-Defence (UNA-UNSO), and the Congress of Ukrainian Nationalists. In 2004, the SNPU was renamed Svoboda under Oleh Tyahnybok. Unlike most post-Soviet Eastern European countries, far-right parties in Ukraine rarely won more than 3% of the popular vote. In the 2000s, there was a rise in racist attacks against non-white immigrants, Jews and Roma.
Right Sector was formed during the Euromaidan protests in 2013 by members of the UNA-UNSO, Tryzub, Patriot of Ukraine and S14. These far-right groups played a key role in the Revolution of Dignity in February 2014, despite making up a minority of the protesters. After the  revolution, four Svoboda members were placed in cabinet positions, though the party withdrew from the ruling coalition several months later and underperformed at the subsequent elections where they failed to meet the 5% electoral threshold. In April 2014, Russian-backed paramilitaries seized towns in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, starting the Donbas War. Several Ukrainian volunteer battalions formed to help the unprepared Ukrainian military. Some had far-right leanings, such as the Azov Battalion commanded by Andriy Biletsky, and the Ukrainian Volunteer Corps commanded by Dmytro Yarosh. Veterans of the Azov Battalion founded the National Corps in 2016. The far-right was heavily represented among the pro-Russian separatists, with several being members of groups such as Russian National Unity. The importance of the far-right on both sides of the conflict declined over time.
Russian disinformation has portrayed post-2014 Ukraine as a Nazi or fascist regime to justify its war against the country, and Russia's president Vladimir Putin said that a goal of the 2022 invasion was to "denazify" Ukraine. However, only one radical-right party was elected to parliament, Svoboda in 2012, and no far-right candidate for president has ever won more than 5 percent of the popular vote.  Since then, far-right parties have not won enough votes to gain political representation, even at the height of nationalist sentiment during and after Russia's annexation of Crimea and the Russo-Ukrainian War. In the 2019 Ukrainian parliamentary election, the coalition of Svoboda and other extreme-right political parties won only 2% of the vote combined; none was able to win a proportional seat, and only Svoboda gained a single constituency seat.

Title: Rusich Group
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rusich_Group
Excerpt: The Sabotage Assault Reconnaissance Group (DShRG) "Rusich" (Russian: Диверсионно-штурмовая разведывательная группа «Русич», romanized: Diversionno-shturmovaya razvedyvatel'naya gruppa «Rusich») is a Russian far-right and neo-Nazi paramilitary unit that has been fighting against Ukrainian forces in the Russo-Ukrainian War. Its co-founder and leader is Alexey Milchakov and operates within the Wagner Group. "Rusich" fought on the side of pro-Russian military in the Donbas war from June 2014 to July 2015, and in the Russian invasion of Ukraine alongside Russian troops.