Title: Kristy Swanson
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristy_Swanson
Excerpt: Kristy Swanson (born December 19, 1969) is an American actress. She is best recognized for having played Buffy Summers in the 1992 film Buffy the Vampire Slayer and appeared in the 1996 film The Phantom.
Her first starring role was in Wes Craven's horror film Deadly Friend (1986), followed by her portrayal of Catherine "Cathy" Dollanganger in the 1987 film adaptation of V. C. Andrews's  Flowers in the Attic (1987). Swanson also starred in several films, including Hot Shots! (1991), Mannequin Two: On the Move (1991), The Program (1993), The Chase (1994), 8 Heads in a Duffel Bag (1997), Big Daddy (1999), and Dude, Where's My Car? (2000), and appeared in Pretty in Pink (1986) and Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986).

Title: Flowers in the Attic (1987 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flowers_in_the_Attic_(1987_film)
Excerpt: Flowers in the Attic is a 1987 American psychological horror film directed by Jeffrey Bloom and starring Louise Fletcher, Victoria Tennant, Kristy Swanson, and Jeb Stuart Adams. Its plot follows four youngsters who, after the death of their father, are held captive in the attic of their abusive grandmother's sprawling estate by their cruel and manipulative mother. It is based on V. C. Andrews' 1979 novel of the same name.
At one point, Wes Craven was scheduled to direct the film, and had completed a screenplay draft. Producers were disturbed by his approach to the incest-laden story, and Jeffrey Bloom ended up with writing and directing duties.

Title: Three in the Attic
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_in_the_Attic
Excerpt: Three in the Attic (stylized as 3 in the Attic) is a 1968 American comedy-drama film directed by Richard Wilson and starring Christopher Jones and Yvette Mimieux, with Judy Pace and Maggie Thrett. Nan Martin, John Beck, and Eve McVeagh appear in supporting roles. Jones plays Paxton Quigley, a lothario who swears his fidelity to all three of the women he is dating, each of whom is unaware of his deception. When they learn the truth about Paxton, the women lure him into a college dormitory attic, where they each take turns attacking Paxton sexually in order to punish him.

Title: Flowers in the Attic (2014 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flowers_in_the_Attic_(2014_film)
Excerpt: Flowers in the Attic is a 2014 Lifetime psychological thriller drama movie directed by Deborah Chow. It is the second adaptation of V. C. Andrews’ 1979 novel of the same name.
A sequel, Petals on the Wind, based on the novel of the same name, premiered on May 26, 2014, on Lifetime. The network announced the developing of the following books in the series, If There Be Thorns and Seeds of Yesterday, which both aired in 2015.

Title: Petals on the Wind (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petals_on_the_Wind_(film)
Excerpt: Petals on the Wind is a 2014 Lifetime movie sequel to the 2014 adaptation Flowers in the Attic, starring Heather Graham, Rose McIver, Wyatt Nash, Bailey Buntain and Ellen Burstyn. It is based on V. C. Andrews' 1980 novel of the same name, the second novel on the Dollanganger series. The film follows the surviving Dollanganger children—Cathy, Chris and Carrie—ten years after escaping the attic. Despite attempting to move on with their lives, after multiple failed attempts and tragedies occur, Cathy decides it is time to take revenge on her mother.
Lifetime first announced the film shortly before Flowers in the Attic was released. The network announced on the premiere of the movie the developing of the following books of the Dollanganger series, If There Be Thorns and Seeds of Yesterday, both of which aired in 2015.
The film received a positive response from critics.