Title: Venstre (Denmark)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Venstre_(Denmark)
Excerpt: Venstre (Danish: [ˈvenstʁɐ], lit. 'Left', V), full name Venstre, Danmarks Liberale Parti (English: Left, Denmark's Liberal Party), is a conservative-liberal, agrarian political party in Denmark. Founded as part of a peasants' movement against the landed aristocracy, today it espouses an economically liberal, pro-free-market ideology.
Venstre is the major party of the centre-right in Denmark, and the third-largest party in the country. The party has produced many Prime Ministers. In the 2022 general elections, Venstre received 13.3% of the vote and 23 out of 179 seats. Following the resignation of Jakob Ellemann-Jensen, the party is led by Troels Lund Poulsen who serves as the country's Deputy Prime Minister. From 2022 to 2026, the party was a junior partner in the second Frederiksen government.
The party is a member of Liberal International and the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party (ALDE Party) and has two MEPs in the European Parliament.

Title: Young Liberals of Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Young_Liberals_of_Norway
Excerpt: Young Liberals of Norway (Norwegian: Unge Venstre) (NUV) is the youth league of the Norwegian political party Venstre. Young Liberals was founded on 27 January 1909, with Anders Kirkhusmo as the first leader. The current president is Omar Svendsen-Yagci, since 2024. Vice presidents are Tejn Rolland and Emma Strandbakke, and the International Officer is Hans Fredrik Jacobsen. It advocates a more liberal version of the mother party's social liberal ideology.
Young Liberals of Norway is a member of the international liberal youth organizations:

European Liberal Youth (LYMEC)
International Federation of Liberal Youth (IFLRY)

Title: Liberal Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Liberal Party (Norwegian: Venstre, lit. 'Left', V; Northern Sami: Gurutbellodat) is a social liberal political party in Norway. It was founded in 1884 and is the oldest political party in Norway. The Liberal Party is positioned on the centre to centre-right of the political spectrum. It is a liberal party which has over time enacted reforms such as parliamentarism, freedom of religion, universal suffrage, and state schooling.
For most of the late 19th and early 20th century, it was Norway's largest and most dominant political party. Later, in the postwar era it lost most of its support and became a smaller party. The party has nevertheless participated in several centrist and centre-right government coalitions in the postwar era and it is aligned with the country's centre-right bloc alongside the Conservative Party, Christian Democratic Party and the Progress Party. Guri Melby has served as the party leader since 2020.
The party was founded in 1884. With support mainly from farmers and progressive members of the bourgeoisie, it was the first political party that came into existence in Norway, and was the dominant governmental party for several decades. It has always had a close relationship with the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights, which was founded in the same year by prominent Liberal Party politicians. The party has played a central role in advocating for women's suffrage in Norway. Since the 1880s the party has seen many internal schisms. A politically moderate and religious wing broke away in 1888 to form the Moderate Liberal Party and the conservative-liberal faction, including the former Prime Minister of Norway Christian Michelsen who broke away in 1909 to form the Free-minded Liberal Party (both parties eventually merged into the Conservative Party). The most notable recent schism was in 1972 when the Liberal Party decided to oppose Norwegian membership in the European Economic Community (EEC). The faction supporting membership broke away and formed the Liberal People's Party. The party has since endorsed Norwegian membership in the EU and is currently a strong proponent.

Title: 1879 Norwegian parliamentary election
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1879_Norwegian_parliamentary_election
Excerpt: Parliamentary elections were held in Norway in 1879. The elections were not held on a specific date, as the various cities and Amts held the election at their own choice. Instead, the elections stretched from June to several months later. Voting rights were highly limited, as women were not allowed to vote and there were strong restrictions on men's ability to vote. It has been estimated that only 2.5% of the population of Christiania (Oslo), and 4.6% of the national population, was eligible to vote. The national election turnout was 48.7% (85% in Christiania), and 114 representatives were elected for the Norwegian Parliament, an increase of three seats compared to the Storting elected in 1876.
While there were no official parties, two informal groups existed, namely Venstre (meaning Left), or "the Liberals" (de liberale), and Høire. The latter list was called Aftenpostens og Morgenbladets liste in Christiania. The Venstre opposition, led by Johan Sverdrup, gained popularity particularly in the districts, while Høire remained the most popular in the cities. In Christiania, the Aftenpostens og Morgenbladets liste won about 1,800 of the votes, while Venstre won about 600.

Title: 2029 Norwegian parliamentary election
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2029_Norwegian_parliamentary_election
Excerpt: Parliamentary elections will be held in September 2029 to elect representatives to Norway's parliament, the Storting, for the period of 2029–2033.