Title: Marilyn Manson (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marilyn_Manson_(band)
Excerpt: Marilyn Manson is an American rock band formed by namesake lead singer Marilyn Manson and lead guitarist Daisy Berkowitz in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in 1989. Originally named Marilyn Manson & the Spooky Kids, they gained a local cult following in South Florida in the early 1990s with their theatrical live performances. In 1993, they were the first act signed to Trent Reznor's Nothing Records label. Until 1996, the name of each member was created by combining the first name of a female sex symbol and the last name of a male serial killer, as for the band and lead singer name that combine Marilyn Monroe with Charles Manson. Their lineup has changed between many of their album releases; the eponymous lead singer is the only remaining original member.
In the past, band members dressed in outlandish makeup and costumes, and engaged in intentionally shocking behavior both onstage and off. Their lyrics often received criticism for their anti-religious sentiment and references to sex, violence and drugs, while their live performances were frequently called offensive and obscene. On several occasions, protests and petitions led to the group being blocked from performing, with at least three US states passing legislation banning the group from performing at state-owned venues. They released a number of platinum-selling albums, including Antichrist Superstar (1996) and Mechanical Animals (1998). These albums, along with their highly stylized music videos and worldwide touring, brought public recognition to Marilyn Manson.
In 1999, news media falsely blamed the band for influencing the perpetrators of the Columbine High School massacre. As this controversy began to wane throughout the 2000s, so did the band's mainstream popularity. Despite this, Jon Wiederhorn of MTV, in June 2003, referred to Marilyn Manson as "the only true artist today". Marilyn Manson is widely regarded as being one of the most iconic and controversial figures in rock music, with the band and its lead singer influencing numerous other groups and musicians, both in metal-associated acts and also in wider popular culture. VH1 ranked Marilyn Manson as the seventy-eighth best rock band on their 100 Great Artists of Hard Rock. They were inducted into the Kerrang! Hall of Fame in 2000 and have been nominated for four Grammy Awards. In the U.S., the band has seen ten of its releases debut in the top ten, including two number-one albums. Marilyn Manson have sold in excess of 50 million records worldwide.

Title: Richard Hell
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Hell
Excerpt: Richard Lester Meyers (born October 2, 1949), better known by his stage name Richard Hell, is an American singer, songwriter, bass guitarist and writer.
Hell was in several important early punk rock bands, including Neon Boys, Television, and the Heartbreakers, after which he formed Richard Hell & the Voidoids. Their 1977 album Blank Generation influenced many other punk bands. Its title track was named "One of the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock" by music writers in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame listing and is ranked as one of the all-time Top 10 punk songs by a 2006 poll of original British punk figures, as reported in the Rough Guide to Punk.
Since the late 1980s, Hell has devoted himself primarily to writing, publishing two novels and several other books. He was the film critic for BlackBook magazine from 2004 to 2006.

Title: List of musician and band name etymologies
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_musician_and_band_name_etymologies
Excerpt: This is a list of band names, with their name origins explained.

Title: List of musical supergroups
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_musical_supergroups
Excerpt: This is a list of supergroups, music groups whose members are already successful as solo artists or as part of other groups. Usually used in the context of rock bands such as Audioslave and Chickenfoot, the term has also been applied to groups based in other musical genres such as the Three Tenors in Opera, as well as in R&B/Pop with such popular acts like Bell Biv DeVoe (BBD), LSG & TGT. The term is applied in hip-hop to collaborations such as The Firm, Westside Connection, Method Man & Redman, Kids See Ghosts, and Mount Westmore.
Supergroups are sometimes formed as side projects and thus not intended to be permanent, while other times can become the primary project of the members' careers. Charity supergroups, where prominent musicians perform or record together in support of a particular cause, have been common since the 1980s.

Title: List of music released posthumously
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_music_released_posthumously
Excerpt: The following is a list of music released posthumously.