Title: Sivaji: The Boss (soundtrack)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sivaji:_The_Boss_(soundtrack)
Excerpt: Sivaji: The Boss is the soundtrack album composed by A. R. Rahman for the film of the same name directed by S. Shankar, starring Rajinikanth and Shriya Saran and produced by AVM Productions.

Title: False God (song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_God_(song)
Excerpt: "False God" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift from her seventh studio album, Lover (2019). Written and produced by Swift and Jack Antonoff, the song is an atmospheric slow jam combining R&B, neo soul, smooth jazz, sophisti-pop, and influences of jazz; it consists of a saxophone riff, trap beats, and hiccuping vocal samples. The lyrics use religious imagery to depict hardships and intimacy in a long-distance romantic relationship, mentioning New York City and its neighborhood West Village.
Music critics highlighted the sexually provocative lyrics and the sultry production. Some regarded "False God" as an album highlight, but a few otherwise found it unremarkable. Commercially, the song peaked at number 59 on the ARIA Singles Chart and number 77 on both the US Billboard Hot 100 and Canadian Hot 100. It received certifications in Australia, Brazil, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom.
Swift performed the song on a 2019 episode of Saturday Night Live, assisted by the show's musical director Lenny Pickett on saxophone. She sang it live four times on the Eras Tour (2023–2024). The song has been covered by the English singer-songwriter James Bay and the American country singer Ryan Hurd.

Title: You're Losing Me
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/You%27re_Losing_Me
Excerpt: "You're Losing Me" is a song by the American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift, who wrote and produced it with Jack Antonoff. The song first appeared as a bonus track on The Late Night Edition of Swift's 2022 studio album Midnights, released by Republic Records, in May 2023. The edition was only on CD and available for in-person purchase at certain venues of the Eras Tour for a limited time, following which the song was widely shared and available on social media. It was released for streaming on November 29, 2023.
A downtempo ballad, "You're Losing Me" has an atmospheric production featuring synthesizers and samples of Swift's heartbeat. Its lyrics describe the imminent dissolution of a long-term romantic relationship due to a misunderstanding between the partners. Music critics praised the track for the emotional nuance they perceived in its composition and storytelling. Critics and fans alike connected the lyrics to the end of Swift's six-year romance with the English actor Joe Alwyn in early 2023.
Commercially, "You're Losing Me" reached number 27 on the US Billboard Hot 100 and peaked atop the Digital Songs chart. Elsewhere, it topped the Philippines Songs chart and peaked within the top 20 on the Billboard Global 200 and in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, and Singapore. Swift performed the song three times during the shows of her Eras Tour (2023–2024).

Title: Abracadabra (Lady Gaga song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abracadabra_(Lady_Gaga_song)
Excerpt: "Abracadabra" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga for her studio album, Mayhem (2025). It was written and produced by Gaga, Andrew Watt, and Cirkut, with additional songwriting credits to members of Siouxsie and the Banshees, as it incorporates elements from their 1981 single "Spellbound". Musically, it is a dance, dance-pop, electropop, synth-pop, and acid techno track with electronic, industrial, house, and psychedelic influences. The song's lyrics, according to Gaga, reflect on facing life's challenges and finding a sense of magic in them. "Abracadabra" was released through Interscope Records on February 3, 2025, as the album's second single.
An accompanying music video, co-directed by Gaga, Parris Goebel, and Bethany Vargas, depicts a dance battle between two contrasting personas of the singer and premiered on February 3, following a teaser which aired during a commercial break at the 67th Annual Grammy Awards. Critics praised its theatrical style and cinematography, drawing favorable comparisons to her earlier work. Gaga performed "Abracadabra" on Saturday Night Live, The Howard Stern Show, the MTV Video Music Awards 2025 and the 2026 Grammy Awards. She also sang it as part of the opening act for some concerts promoting Mayhem, including during the Mayhem Ball tour, and incorporated a remix of the track by French producer Gesaffelstein as a show interlude, which was released on digital platforms. Gaga also performed a reimagined version of the song for Mayhem Requiem.
"Abracadabra" received critical acclaim, with reviewers praising its production, rhythm, songwriting and chorus, and various critics ranked it among the best songs of 2025. Commercially, the song topped the charts in Hungary and Lithuania, while reaching the top ten in Austria, Brazil, Croatia, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and on the Billboard Global 200. "Abracadabra" also charted within the top twenty in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Costa Rica, France, New Zealand, the Philippines, Taiwan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United States. It also received diamond certifications in Brazil and France as well as platinum certifications in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Greece, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, and the United Kingdom. At the 68th Annual Grammy Awards, "Abracadabra" was nominated for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Dance Pop Recording, and—for its Gesaffelstein remix—Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical, winning the latter two.

Title: Dior (singer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dior_(singer)
Excerpt: Tan Jia Ying (Chinese: 陈佳莹; pinyin: Chén Jiāyǐng; born on February 26, 1999), known professionally as Dior (stylized in all caps; Chinese: DIOR大颖; pinyin: DIOR Dàyǐng) is a Malaysian singer-songwriter and record producer. She first rose to prominence in 2020 with her viral single, "Love Myself More" (爱自己更深), which launched her professional music career. Since then, she has released a number of original and collaborative tracks, and later established her own music studio, LostControl, to support her music production and creative work.
Dior has remained active primarily in Malaysia, with her music widely circulated across digital platforms. Notable tracks such as "Divorce in Ghana" (在加纳共和国离婚) and "If That Call Had Been Answered" (如果那通电话有接通) gained widespread popularity in China and were featured on major streaming platforms, also receiving recognition from music awards.