Title: Mido (footballer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mido_(footballer)
Excerpt: Ahmed Hossam Hussein Abdel Hamid Wasfi (Arabic: أحمد حسام حسين عبد الحميد وصفي; born 23 February 1983), publicly known as Mido (Arabic: ميدو), is an Egyptian football manager and former player who played as a striker.
Mido started his career with Zamalek in Egypt in 1999. He left the club for Gent of Belgium in 2000, where he won the Belgian Ebony Shoe. This led to a move to Dutch side Ajax in 2001, from where he joined Celta Vigo on loan in 2003. His next destination was Marseille in France and he left them for Italian side Roma in 2004. He joined English side Tottenham Hotspur on an 18-month loan in 2005 and eventually joined the club permanently in 2006. He left the club in 2007 to join Middlesbrough, from whom he joined Wigan Athletic, Zamalek, West Ham United and Ajax on loan. In 2011, he rejoined Zamalek, before joining Barnsley in 2012. He also played for Egypt 51 times, scoring 19 goals. Mido retired from football in June 2013.

Title: Henri Michel
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henri_Michel
Excerpt: Henri Louis Michel (28 October 1947 – 24 April 2018) was a French football player and coach. He played as a midfielder for Nantes and the France national team, and later went on to coach various clubs and national teams all over the world. He coached France at the 1986 World Cup, where they reached the semi-final, eventually managing a third–place finish; he also helped the Olympic squad win a gold medal in the 1984 edition of the tournament.

Title: Amr Zaki
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amr_Zaki
Excerpt: Amr Hassan Zaki (Arabic: عَمْرو حَسَن زَكِيّ; born 1 April 1983) is an Egyptian former professional footballer who played as a striker.
He has played for numerous different clubs in Egypt, Russia, England, Turkey and Kuwait. Zaki has made 63 appearances and scored 30 goals for the Egyptian national team. In his career, Zaki has been nicknamed "The Bulldozer" and has been likened to former England striker Alan Shearer.
However, his career has not been without controversy. He was labelled "highly unprofessional" by former Wigan manager Steve Bruce. Also, his decision not to join English club Portsmouth due to the nationality of some of the players garnered much criticism in the English press.

Title: Kahraba (footballer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kahraba_(footballer)
Excerpt: Mahmoud Abdel Moneim Abdel Hamid Soliman (Arabic: محمود عبد المنعم عبد الحميد سليمان; born 13 April 1994), commonly known as Mahmoud Kahraba (Arabic: محمود كهربا) or simply Kahraba (Arabic: كهربا), is an Egyptian professional footballer who plays as a left winger for ENPPI.
After beginning his career as a youth player with Al Ahly, he made his professional debut in the Egyptian Premier League with ENPPI in 2011. He joined Swiss Super League side FC Luzern on a season-long loan deal in 2013 but left the club in March 2014 after his contract was terminated with Luzern citing inappropriate behaviour. He returned to Switzerland the following season for a six-month loan spell with Grasshopper.
After returning to Egypt, he joined Zamalek where he helped the club to win the Egypt Cup in his first season. He joined Saudi Professional League side Al-Ittihad on loan for two seasons, winning the Saudi Crown Prince Cup and the Kings Cup.
Having represented Egypt at several youth levels, including winning the 2013 Africa U-20 Cup of Nations with the under-20 side, he made his senior international debut in 2013. He was included in Egypt's squads for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations and the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Title: List of Zamalek SC records and statistics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Zamalek_SC_records_and_statistics
Excerpt: 'Zamalek Football Club (Arabic: نادي الزمالك لكرة القدم, lit.: Nadi El Zamalek'), commonly referred to as Zamalek, is an Egyptian professional football club based in Cairo. The club is the most titled African club in the 20th century, considered one of the continent's giants. Zamalek is the first Egyptian club to win a title, as it was the first Egyptian team to win the Sultan Hussein Cup in 1921, the first team to win the Egypt Cup in 1922, and the first team to win the Cairo League in 1922–23. This article includes records and statistics related to Zamalek SC.
Zamalek is one of the most successful clubs in the history of Egyptian football in terms of the number of local championships, as the club has won fifteen Egyptian League titles, twenty-nine titles in the Egypt Cup, four titles in the Egyptian Super Cup, fourteen titles in the Cairo League and two titles in the Sultan Hussein Cup, one title of the October League Cup, three titles of King Fouad Cup, one title of each of the Egyptian Friendship Cup and the Egyptian Confederation Cup.
At the African level, they had achieved fourteen African continental titles by winning the CAF Champions League five times, the CAF Confederation Cup twice, and the African Cup Winners' Cup once, five times in the CAF Super Cup, in addition to winning two titles of the Afro-Asian Club Championship. At the Arab level, Zamalek won the Arab Club Champions Cup once and the Egyptian-Saudi Super Cup twice. The Zamalek football team is the most victorious African team in the continental level in the 20th century, with 9 tournaments. The football team in Zamalek also won the title of the best club in the world according to the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS) in February 2003.
This list encompasses the major honours won by Zamalek and records set by the club, their managers and their players. The player records section includes details of the club's leading goalscorers and those who have made most appearances in first team competitions.
All stats are accurate as of 20 May 2026.