Title: Nymphaea
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea
Excerpt: Nymphaea () is a genus of hardy and tender aquatic plants in the family Nymphaeaceae. The genus has a cosmopolitan distribution. Many species are cultivated as ornamental plants, and many cultivars have been bred. Some taxa occur as introduced species where they are not native, and some are weeds. Plants of the genus are known commonly as water lilies, or waterlilies in the United Kingdom.

Title: Nymphaea alba
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea_alba
Excerpt: Nymphaea alba – commonly called the white water lily, European white water lily, or white nenuphar ( NEN-yuu-far) – is an aquatic flowering plant in the family Nymphaeaceae. It is native to North Africa, temperate Asia, Europe, and tropical Asia (Jammu and Kashmir).
Since Nymphaea alba is an aquatic plant, its specialized trichomes are hydropotes, formed at an abaxial surface of the young leaf and packed tightly in the rosette at the rhizome's flattened apex. The rhizomes contain high amounts of carbohydrate and protein.

Title: Nymphaea lotus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea_lotus
Excerpt: Nymphaea lotus, the white Egyptian lotus, tiger lotus, white lotus, or Egyptian water-lily, is a flowering plant of the family Nymphaeaceae.

Title: Nymphaea odorata
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea_odorata
Excerpt: Nymphaea odorata, also known as the American white waterlily, fragrant water-lily, beaver root, fragrant white water lily, white water lily, sweet-scented white water lily, and sweet-scented water lily, is an aquatic plant belonging to the genus Nymphaea. It can commonly be found in shallow lakes, ponds, and permanent slow moving waters throughout North America where it ranges from Central America to northern Canada. It is also reported from Brazil and Guyana.

Title: Nymphaea nouchali
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea_nouchali
Excerpt: Nymphaea nouchali, often known by its synonym Nymphaea stellata, or by common names blue lotus, star lotus, red water lily, dwarf aquarium lily, blue water lily, blue star water lily or manel flower, is a water lily of genus Nymphaea. It is native to southern and eastern parts of Asia, and is the national flower of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. This species is usually considered to include the blue Egyptian lotus N. nouchali var. caerulea. In the past, taxonomic confusion has occurred, with the name Nymphaea nouchali incorrectly applied to Nymphaea pubescens.