Title: Neo-fascism
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neo-fascism
Excerpt: Neo-fascism is a post-World War II far-right ideology which includes significant elements of fascism. Neo-fascism usually includes ultranationalism, ultraconservatism, racial supremacy, right-wing populism, authoritarianism, nativism, xenophobia, and anti-immigration sentiment, as well as opposition to social democracy, parliamentarianism, Marxism, communism, socialism, liberalism, neoliberalism, and liberal democracy.

Title: Explorer's Grand Slam
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Explorer%27s_Grand_Slam
Excerpt: The Explorer's Grand Slam, also known as the Adventurer's Grand Slam, is an adventurer goal to reach the North Pole and South Pole, as well as climb the Seven Summits: Everest, Aconcagua, Denali, Kilimanjaro, Elbrus, Vinson, and Puncak Jaya or Kosciuszko. The reason for a choice of Puncak Jaya or Kosciuszko was to give Explorer's Grand Slam participants a choice in following the Bass List (Kosciuszko) or the Messner List (Puncak Jaya) when choosing their seventh summit; for more information see paragraph entitled Controversy in Eight Summits.
Heo Young-Ho, a South Korean Alpinist, was the first person to complete the Explorer's Grand Slam, after he reached the South Pole from Berkner Island in January 1997. British Explorer, David Hempleman-Adams, unaware of Heo Young-Ho's achievements, claimed he was the first person, but this has proven to be incorrect. The top three to complete the Explorer's Grand Slam are: first, Heo Young-Ho, South Korean Alpinist, finishing with the South Pole in January 1997, second, Russian Survivalist Fyodor Konyukhov finishing with Denali in May 1997, and third, David Hempleman-Adams finishing with the geographic North Pole in 1998.

Title: History of the Loiret
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_the_Loiret
Excerpt: The history of the Loiret as an administrative entity began on December 22, 1789, with a decree from the Assemblée Constituante, effective on March 4, 1790. It was formed from parts of the former provinces of Orléanais and Berry.
Evidence of ancient settlement in the Loirétain territory dates to the Palaeolithic era. Romanization after the Gallic War was swift. Around 451, the Huns invaded the region but were repulsed at Orléans. The Franks later reached the Loire, and Clovis, a Christian convert, made Orléans the capital of a Frankish kingdom. Prosperity followed under Charlemagne. Orléans remained a capital until Louis VII.
The Hundred Years' War in the 14th and 15th centuries devastated the countryside, culminating in the siege of Orléans and the victory at Patay, led by Jeanne d'Arc. The 16th century saw an architectural and literary Renaissance but also religious strife, with Orléans as a Protestant stronghold, followed by the St. Bartholomew's Day massacre in 1572. The 17th century brought major infrastructure projects like the Briare and Orléans Canals and Loire levees, followed in the 18th century by the George-V bridge in Orléans. The territory was part of the généralité d’Orléans, established in 1558.
After late 18th-century food shortages, the French Revolution created the department. The 19th century saw political changes and, from the Second Empire, economic growth driven by agriculture—cereals in Beauce, vines in the Loire Valley—and transport developments like the Loire navy and railroads, alongside new industries. World War I and II heavily impacted the Loiret. Post-war reconstruction and the Trente Glorieuses brought growth. However, the early 21st century brought economic challenges.