Title: Mark Rothko
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Rothko
Excerpt: Mark Rothko (  ROTH-koh; Markus Yakovlevich Rothkowitz until 1940; September 25, 1903 – February 25, 1970) was a Latvian-born American abstract painter. He is best known for his color field paintings that depicted irregular and painterly rectangular regions of color, which he produced from 1949 to 1970. Although Rothko did not personally subscribe to any one school, he is associated with the American abstract expressionism movement of modern art.
Born to a Jewish family in Daugavpils, Latvia, then part of the Russian Empire, Rothko emigrated with his parents and siblings to the United States, arriving at Ellis Island in late 1913 and originally settling in Portland, Oregon. He moved to New York City in 1923 where his youthful period of artistic production dealt primarily with urban scenery. In response to World War II, Rothko's art entered a transitional phase during the 1940s, where he experimented with mythological themes and Surrealism to express tragedy. Toward the end of the decade, Rothko painted canvases with regions of pure color which he further abstracted into rectangular color forms, the idiom he would use for the rest of his life.
In his later career, Rothko executed several canvases for three different mural projects. The Seagram murals were to have decorated the Four Seasons Restaurant in the Seagram Building, but Rothko eventually grew disgusted with the idea that his paintings would be decorative objects for wealthy diners and refunded the lucrative commission, donating the paintings to museums, including the Tate Gallery. The Harvard Mural series was donated to a dining room in Harvard's Holyoke Center; their colors faded badly over time due to Rothko's use of the pigment lithol red together with regular sunlight exposure. The Harvard series has since been restored using a special lighting technique. Rothko contributed 14 canvases to a permanent installation at the Rothko Chapel, a non-denominational chapel in Houston, Texas.
Although Rothko lived modestly for much of his life, the resale value of his paintings grew tremendously in the decades following his suicide in 1970. His painting No. 6 (Violet, Green and Red) sold in 2014 for $186 million.

Title: Robert Rauschenberg
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Rauschenberg
Excerpt: Milton Ernest "Robert" or "Bob" Rauschenberg (October 22, 1925 – May 12, 2008) was an American painter and multi-media artist, whose work has been associated with numerous mid-20th century art movements including the New York School, Conceptual Art, Pop art, and Neo-Dada. Rauschenberg is well known for his Combines (1954–1964), a group of artworks which incorporated everyday objects as art materials and which blurred the distinctions between painting and sculpture. Rauschenberg was primarily a painter and a sculptor, but he also worked with photography, printmaking, papermaking and performance.
Rauschenberg received numerous awards during his nearly 60-year artistic career. Among the most prominent were the International Grand Prize in Painting at the 32nd Venice Biennale in 1964 and the National Medal of Arts in 1993.
Rauschenberg lived and worked in New York City and on Captiva Island, Florida, until his death on May 12, 2008.

Title: Keith Haring
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keith_Haring
Excerpt: Keith Allen Haring (May 4, 1958 – February 16, 1990) was an American artist and activist. His bold, graphic imagery has "become a widely recognized visual language".  Emerging from New York City's downtown art and graffiti scenes in the early 1980s, he transformed subway chalk drawings into an internationally celebrated career that bridged street art and Pop art.
Haring first gained public attention through spontaneous white-chalk drawings on unused black advertising panels in New York City subway stations, featuring crawling babies, barking dogs, dancing figures, and other animated symbols. As his reputation grew, he gained gallery representation and produced large-scale paintings and sculptures. Between 1982 and 1989, he created more than 50 public murals, many of them voluntarily for hospitals, schools, and community spaces.
Much of Haring's work addressed political and social issues, including anti-apartheid activism, the crack epidemic, homosexuality, safe sex, and AIDS awareness, often using his own iconography to communicate urgent messages. In 1986, he opened the Pop Shop to make his art widely accessible through affordable merchandise. In addition to solo exhibitions, he participated in major international shows including documenta in Kassel, the Whitney Biennial in New York, the São Paulo Biennial, and the Venice Biennale. After Haring died of AIDS-related complications in 1990, the Whitney Museum of American Art organized a retrospective of his work in 1997.
Haring’s legacy has also been recognized within LGBTQ history. In 2014, he was among the inaugural honorees of the Rainbow Honor Walk in San Francisco, a walk of fame recognizing LGBTQ people who made significant contributions in their fields. In 2019, he was one of the inaugural 50 American "pioneers, trailblazers, and heroes" inducted onto the National LGBTQ Wall of Honor at the Stonewall Inn in New York City.

Title: Spiral Jetty
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spiral_Jetty
Excerpt: Spiral Jetty is a work of land art constructed in April 1970 that is considered to be the most important work by American sculptor Robert Smithson. Smithson documented the construction of the sculpture in a 32-minute color film also titled Spiral Jetty. Built on the northeastern shore of the Great Salt Lake near Rozel Point in Utah entirely of mud, salt crystals, and basalt rocks, Spiral Jetty forms a 1,500-foot-long (460 m), 15-foot-wide (4.6 m) counterclockwise coil jutting from the shore of the lake.
In 1999, the artwork was donated to the Dia Art Foundation; it is one of 12 locations and sites owned by the foundation. Since its initial construction, those interested in its fate have dealt with questions of proposed changes in land use in the area surrounding the sculpture. In order to preserve the work, Dia asks that visitors not take existing rocks from the artwork, make fire pits, or trample vegetation. There are no facilities at the site, so visitors must carry any waste away with them.

Title: Trojan War in literature and the arts
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trojan_War_in_literature_and_the_arts
Excerpt: There are a wide range of ways in which people have represented the Trojan War in literature and the arts.