Title: Cadbury Dairy Milk
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadbury_Dairy_Milk
Excerpt: Cadbury Dairy Milk is a British brand of milk chocolate manufactured by Cadbury since 1905. Every product in the Dairy Milk line is made exclusively with milk chocolate. In 1928, Cadbury introduced the "glass and a half" slogan to accompany the Dairy Milk chocolate bar to advertise the bar's higher milk content.
The bar was developed by George Cadbury Jr, and by 1914 had become the company's best-selling product. A century on it has retained its position as a market leader in Britain where it was ranked the best-selling chocolate bar in 2014. Dairy Milk is available in countries including New Zealand , China, India, Sri Lanka, Pakistan, the Philippines, Indonesia, and Bangladesh, as well as in the United States where it is manufactured and distributed by the Hershey Company under licence from Cadbury, with a recipe that differs from the original.

Title: The Velvet Rope
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Velvet_Rope
Excerpt: The Velvet Rope is the sixth studio album by American singer Janet Jackson. It was released on October 7, 1997, through Virgin Records. Prior to its release, Jackson renegotiated her contract with Virgin for US$80 million, marking this as the largest recording contract in history at that time.
Upon experiencing an emotional breakdown, Jackson began facing a long-term case of depression. She developed her new record as a concept album, using introspection as its theme. Its title is a metaphor for emotional boundaries as well as an allusion to an individual's need to feel special. Its lyrics address subject matter such as depression, self-worth, social networking, and domestic violence. It also encompasses themes of sexuality, including BDSM, sexual orientation, and same-sex relationships. Due to its sexually explicit content, the album reinforced Jackson's public image as a sex symbol and as one of the most erotic vocalists of the 1990s. Its incorporation of social issues regarding sexual orientation and combating homophobia also established her reputation as a gay icon, for which she received the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Music.
The record was written and produced by Jackson, alongside Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis and co-written by René Elizondo Jr., her then-husband. The songs on the album also include British violinist Vanessa-Mae and American rapper Q-Tip as featured artists, along with samples from Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell's "Big Yellow Taxi". Its composition fuses various genres, including R&B, pop, trip hop, folk, jazz, rock, and techno music.
The Velvet Rope became Jackson's fourth consecutive album to top the US Billboard 200. It also reached the top of the charts in Denmark and the top five in major markets such as Australia, Canada, France, and Germany. The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and has sold an estimated eight million copies worldwide. Of the six singles released from the project, "Got 'til It's Gone" won the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Music Video, "Together Again" became an international number-one hit, and "I Get Lonely" became Jackson's 18th consecutive top-ten single on the US Billboard Hot 100, making her the only female artist in history to achieve that feat. The Velvet Rope Tour, in support of the album, drew critical acclaim for its theatricality, as well as controversy for its depictions of domestic violence and bondage.

Title: Nicki Minaj
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nicki_Minaj
Excerpt: Onika Tanya Maraj-Petty (née Maraj; born December 8, 1982), known professionally as Nicki Minaj (  NIK-ee min-AHZH), is a Trinidadian rapper, singer, and songwriter. Dubbed the "Queen of Rap" and one of the most influential rappers of all time, she is noted for her dynamic rap flow, witty lyrics, musical versatility, and alter egos, and is credited as a driving force in the mainstream resurgence of female rap since the 2010s.
Raised in New York City, Minaj began rapping professionally in the early 2000s and gained recognition with her three mixtapes between 2007 and 2009. Minaj's debut studio album, Pink Friday (2010), opened with the largest female rap album sales week of the 21st century, topped the US Billboard 200, and spawned the single "Super Bass". She explored dance-pop on her second US number-one album, Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded (2012), which produced the top-five single, "Starships". She returned to her hip-hop roots with The Pinkprint (2014) and Queen (2018), which yielded the singles "Anaconda" and "Chun-Li". Minaj achieved her first Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles with the 2020 duets "Say So" and "Trollz"; the former was the first female rap collaboration to top the chart. Her fifth studio album, Pink Friday 2 (2023), made her the female rapper with the most US number-one albums (three) and spawned her first solo US number-one single, "Super Freaky Girl". Its concert tour became the highest-grossing by a female rapper and one of the top five highest-grossing tours by a rapper in history.
Minaj is one of the world's best-selling music artists and the best-selling female rapper, with over 100 million records sold. She has over 54 million certified singles sold in the US and three diamond-certified singles, and in 2024 became the first female rapper with multiple diamond-certified solo songs (two) by the RIAA. In 2023, Billboard and Vibe ranked Minaj as the greatest female rapper of all time. Her various accolades include a Brit Award, five Billboard Music Awards, nine American Music Awards, eight MTV Video Music Awards (including the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award), eleven BET Awards, a Soul Train Music Award, and three Guinness World Records. Time named her one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2016, and she was honored with the Billboard Women in Music Game Changer Award in 2019.
Minaj founded the record label imprint Heavy On It in 2023. Outside of music, her other endeavors include a fragrance line, a press on nails line, a Loci sneakers collection, and the radio show Queen Radio (2018–2023). She has also voice acted in the animated films Ice Age: Continental Drift (2012) and The Angry Birds Movie 2 (2019), and acted in the comedy films The Other Woman (2014) and Barbershop: The Next Cut (2016). On television, she served as a judge on the twelfth season of American Idol (2013). Her outspoken views have received significant media attention.

Title: List of songs recorded by Kanye West
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_songs_recorded_by_Kanye_West
Excerpt: This is a list of songs recorded by Kanye West, an American rapper, record producer, and songwriter. The list includes over 600 released songs on which West appears as a main artist or featured artist, as well as a selection of notable unreleased recordings. Songs are organized alphabetically and cover West's discography from his early work in the 2000s through his releases in the 2020s, including collaborations released under group names such as Kids See Ghosts and ¥$.

Title: Abracadabra (Lady Gaga song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abracadabra_(Lady_Gaga_song)
Excerpt: "Abracadabra" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga for her studio album, Mayhem (2025). It was written and produced by Gaga, Andrew Watt, and Cirkut, with additional songwriting credits to members of Siouxsie and the Banshees, as it incorporates elements from their 1981 single "Spellbound". Musically, it is a dance, dance-pop, electropop, synth-pop, and acid techno track with electronic, industrial, house, and psychedelic influences. The song's lyrics, according to Gaga, reflect on facing life's challenges and finding a sense of magic in them. "Abracadabra" was released through Interscope Records on February 3, 2025, as the album's second single.
An accompanying music video, co-directed by Gaga, Parris Goebel, and Bethany Vargas, depicts a dance battle between two contrasting personas of the singer and premiered on February 3, following a teaser which aired during a commercial break at the 67th Annual Grammy Awards. Critics praised its theatrical style and cinematography, drawing favorable comparisons to her earlier work. Gaga performed "Abracadabra" on Saturday Night Live, The Howard Stern Show, the MTV Video Music Awards 2025 and the 2026 Grammy Awards. She also sang it as part of the opening act for some concerts promoting Mayhem, including during the Mayhem Ball tour, and incorporated a remix of the track by French producer Gesaffelstein as a show interlude, which was released on digital platforms. Gaga also performed a reimagined version of the song for Mayhem Requiem.
"Abracadabra" received critical acclaim, with reviewers praising its production, rhythm, songwriting and chorus, and various critics ranked it among the best songs of 2025. Commercially, the song topped the charts in Hungary and Lithuania, while reaching the top ten in Austria, Brazil, Croatia, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and on the Billboard Global 200. "Abracadabra" also charted within the top twenty in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Costa Rica, France, New Zealand, the Philippines, Taiwan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United States. It also received diamond certifications in Brazil and France as well as platinum certifications in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Greece, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, and the United Kingdom. At the 68th Annual Grammy Awards, "Abracadabra" was nominated for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Dance Pop Recording, and—for its Gesaffelstein remix—Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical, winning the latter two.