Title: The Eminem Show
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Eminem_Show
Excerpt: The Eminem Show is the fourth studio album by the American rapper Eminem, released on May 26, 2002, through Shady Records, Goliath Artists, Aftermath Entertainment, WEB Entertainment, and Interscope Records. Eminem produced most of the album himself, with additional production by Dr. Dre, Jeff Bass, and Mr. Porter. While Eminem's previous two albums explored the frustration of life among America's underclass, The Eminem Show marked a drastic thematic shift. Guest appearances include Obie Trice, Paul Rosenberg, D12, Dr. Dre, Nate Dogg, Dina Rae and Eminem's daughter, Hailie Jade. 
The Eminem Show's themes are predominantly based on Eminem's prominence in hip-hop culture, as well as his ambivalent thoughts of fame. It also features political commentary on the United States, including references to 9/11, Osama bin Laden, the war on terror, President George W. Bush, Lynne Cheney and Tipper Gore. It notably also incorporates a heavier use of rap rock than Eminem's previous albums. Due to its less satirical and shock factor lyrical approach, The Eminem Show was regarded as Eminem's most personal album at the time and a step back from the Slim Shady alter ego. The album was widely considered the most anticipated album of 2002.
The Eminem Show debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 and stood there for six non-consecutive weeks. It sold over 1.3 million copies in its second week in the United States, where it registered a full week of sales. It also topped the UK Albums Chart for five consecutive weeks and topped the charts in sixteen other countries. It produced four commercially successful singles, "Without Me", "Cleanin' Out My Closet", "Superman", and "Sing for the Moment". The album was a widespread critical success, with praise directed at Eminem's mature, introspective lyricism and the album's experimental production. Often debated as Eminem's best work, several publications named The Eminem Show the best album of 2002 and among the best albums of the 2000s.
The Eminem Show was both the best-selling album of 2002 in the United States and the best-selling album worldwide of 2002. The album has since been certified 12× platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), and its worldwide sales of 27 million copies make it one of the best-selling albums of all time, the third best-selling album of the 21st century, and the best-selling hip hop album of all time. At the 2003 Grammy Awards, it was nominated for Album of the Year and won Best Rap Album, while "Without Me" won Best Music Video.

Title: A Great Chaos
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Great_Chaos
Excerpt: A Great Chaos is the third studio album by the American rapper Ken Carson, released on October 13, 2023, through Opium and Interscope Records. The album's production was handled by various producers, including F1lthy, Lil 88, Star Boy, Outtatown, and TM88, and features guest appearances from Destroy Lonely and Lil Uzi Vert. A rage album, A Great Chaos is characterized by its maximalist production with glitchy, digitized instrumentation, hedonistic attitude coupled with moments of vulnerability and angst, and horror references. The album's lead single, "I Need U", was released on February 14, 2023. A deluxe edition with seven bonus tracks was released on July 5, 2024; it was preceded by the single "Overseas", released on April 12.
A Great Chaos received critical acclaim, with praise for its appeal and production. Considered Carson's breakout album, it earned 48,000 album-equivalent units in its first week to debut at number 11 on the US Billboard 200, becoming Carson's first top 20 album, and performed well in Canada and Europe. The album was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in August 2025. Carson embarked on the Chaos Tour of Europe and the United States in support of the album from July to November 2024. As of April 2025, the album has earned 1.3 million album-equivalent units worldwide.

Title: Euphoria (Kendrick Lamar song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Euphoria_(Kendrick_Lamar_song)
Excerpt: "Euphoria" (stylized in all lowercase) is a diss track by the American rapper Kendrick Lamar released amidst his highly publicized feud with the Canadian rapper Drake. It was unexpectedly released on April 30, 2024, through Interscope Records, as a response to Drake's "Push Ups" and "Taylor Made Freestyle". It was initially a YouTube exclusive before being released to streaming platforms hours later.
"Euphoria" was produced by Cardo, Johnny Juliano, Kyuro, Sounwave, and Yung Exclusive. It credits Kenneth Gamble as a composer due to the introduction containing a sample of Teddy Pendergrass's 1981 song "You're My Latest, My Greatest Inspiration". The title is an apparent reference to the American teen drama series Euphoria, on which Drake serves as an executive producer. Lyrically, Lamar expresses his hatred for Drake, describing him as a scam artist and mocking his alleged insecurities regarding his race.
"Euphoria" was Lamar's first release following his departure from Top Dawg Entertainment and Aftermath Entertainment. It received positive reviews from critics, who praised its humorous yet hateful tone and Lamar's performance. It also performed commercially well, peaking at number three on the Billboard Hot 100 and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts, and appearing in charts from various countries. Lamar followed "Euphoria" with "6:16 in LA" on May 3, the same day Drake released his response, "Family Matters", in which the former responded with "Meet the Grahams" within less than an hour. Lamar later performed "Euphoria" at The Pop Out: Ken & Friends (2024), the Super Bowl LIX halftime show (2025), and the Grand National Tour (2025).

Title: Born Again (Lisa song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Born_Again_(Lisa_song)
Excerpt: "Born Again" is a song by Thai rapper and singer Lisa featuring American rapper and singer Doja Cat and British singer-songwriter Raye. It was released through Lloud and RCA Records on February 6, 2025, as the fourth single from Lisa's debut studio album, Alter Ego (2025). A pop song incorporating disco and electropop elements, it was written by its producers Raye and Andrew Wells as well as Doja Cat and Anthony Rossomando. It is a post-breakup empowerment anthem in which the artists reflect on a failed relationship.
Music critics praised "Born Again" as a standout album opener due to its dynamic production and the artists' vocals. The song debuted at number one on the Official Thailand Chart, becoming Lisa's first chart-topper in her native country. In the United Kingdom, it peaked at number 13 on the UK Singles Chart and was certified silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). The song peaked at number 22 on the Billboard Global 200 and became Lisa's fifth and highest-charting entry on the US Billboard Hot 100 at number 68. It also reached the top twenty in some Asian countries and the top seventy in some European and Oceanian countries, including Germany, Australia, Canada, Ireland and France.
An accompanying music video was directed by Bardia Zeinali and released on Lloud's YouTube channel simultaneously with the single's release. The video pays tribute to powerful women throughout history and depicts the three artists singing in mourning attire before transitioning into medieval warriors, symbolizing their personal growth. Lisa performed "Born Again" at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival and appeared at the 97th Academy Awards with Doja Cat and Raye. The song won Best K-Pop at the 2025 MTV Video Music Awards, making Lisa tied as the most-awarded artist in the category.

Title: Abracadabra (Lady Gaga song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abracadabra_(Lady_Gaga_song)
Excerpt: "Abracadabra" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga for her studio album, Mayhem (2025). It was written and produced by Gaga, Andrew Watt, and Cirkut, with additional songwriting credits to members of Siouxsie and the Banshees, as it incorporates elements from their 1981 single "Spellbound". Musically, it is a dance, dance-pop, electropop, synth-pop, and acid techno track with electronic, industrial, house, and psychedelic influences. The song's lyrics, according to Gaga, reflect on facing life's challenges and finding a sense of magic in them. "Abracadabra" was released through Interscope Records on February 3, 2025, as the album's second single.
An accompanying music video, co-directed by Gaga, Parris Goebel, and Bethany Vargas, depicts a dance battle between two contrasting personas of the singer and premiered on February 3, following a teaser which aired during a commercial break at the 67th Annual Grammy Awards. Critics praised its theatrical style and cinematography, drawing favorable comparisons to her earlier work. Gaga performed "Abracadabra" on Saturday Night Live, The Howard Stern Show, the MTV Video Music Awards 2025 and the 2026 Grammy Awards. She also sang it as part of the opening act for some concerts promoting Mayhem, including during the Mayhem Ball tour, and incorporated a remix of the track by French producer Gesaffelstein as a show interlude, which was released on digital platforms. Gaga also performed a reimagined version of the song for Mayhem Requiem.
"Abracadabra" received critical acclaim, with reviewers praising its production, rhythm, songwriting and chorus, and various critics ranked it among the best songs of 2025. Commercially, the song topped the charts in Hungary and Lithuania, while reaching the top ten in Austria, Brazil, Croatia, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and on the Billboard Global 200. "Abracadabra" also charted within the top twenty in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Costa Rica, France, New Zealand, the Philippines, Taiwan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United States. It also received diamond certifications in Brazil and France as well as platinum certifications in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Greece, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, and the United Kingdom. At the 68th Annual Grammy Awards, "Abracadabra" was nominated for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Dance Pop Recording, and—for its Gesaffelstein remix—Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical, winning the latter two.