Title: Australia at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Australia has sent athletes to every Summer Olympic Games, as well as every Winter Olympic Games except 1924–32 and 1948. In 1908 and 1912, Australia competed with New Zealand under the name Australasia.

Title: China at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: The People's Republic of China (commonly known as China)'s participation in the Olympic games is relatively recent. Largely due to the Cultural Revolution and the International Olympic Committee's recognition of the Republic of China, The People's Republic of China did not participate in the Olympics for over 20 years; recognition of the Chinese Olympic Committee—or CHN—did not happen until 1979. The People's Republic of China sent its first full athletic delegation to the Summer Olympic Games in the 1984 Summer Olympics which was held in Los Angeles, United States.
As of 2026, China has finished at 1st place in the Summer Olympics once, at 2nd place four times, and 3rd place twice. It has won a total of 330 gold medals, 262 silver medals and 227 bronze medals over the course of 13 Olympic games.
With the nation's 12th appearance at the Summer and 13th appearance at the Winter Olympics, China is the most successful country overall in the Asia–Oceania region, making them the 3rd most successful country in Olympic history, after the United States and the Soviet Union.

Title: Canada at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Canada has sent athletes to every Winter Olympic Games and every Summer Olympic Games since its debut at the 1900 games with the exception of the 1980 Summer Olympics, which it boycotted along with the US and other countries. Canada has won at least one medal at every Olympics in which it has competed.  The Canadian Olympic Committee (COC) is the National Olympic Committee for Canada.
At the 2010 Winter Olympics, Canada would win more gold medals than any other competing nation for the first time. Canada also served as the host nation of the 2010 Winter Olympics, with the games taking place in Vancouver, British Columbia.