Title: English draughts
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_draughts
Excerpt: Draughts (British English) or checkers (American English), also called straight checkers or chequers, is a form of the strategy board game checkers (or draughts). It is played on an 8×8 checkerboard with 12 pieces per side. The pieces move and capture diagonally forward, until they reach the opposite end of the board, when they are crowned and can thereafter move and capture both backward and forward.
As in all forms of draughts, English draughts is played by two opponents, alternating turns on opposite sides of the board. The pieces are traditionally black, red, or white. Enemy pieces are captured by jumping over them.
The 8×8 variant of draughts was weakly solved in 2007 by a team of Canadian computer scientists led by Jonathan Schaeffer. From the standard starting position, both players can guarantee a draw with perfect play.

Title: List of draughts players
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_draughts_players
Excerpt: List of draughts players is concerned with the leading or champion figures in the history of various forms of draughts. The list should be limited to those who are notable in the game or its history.

Title: Ron King
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ron_King
Excerpt: Ron "Suki" King (born 1956) is a Barbadian English checkers player from Saint George, Barbados. He has won twelve world championship titles at the game and is considered one of the strongest players of the game. King has been honored by his homeland being named Barbados's Sportsman of the Year in both 1991 and 1992. He has been called the Muhammad Ali of the checkers world for his trash-talking. 
In 1998 he made it into Guinness World Records for playing against 385 players simultaneously and beating them all.
His 2008 match against South African grandmaster Lubabalo Kondlo is the central subject in the documentary King Me. In 2014 he lost his world title in the GAYP ("go as you please") version to Sergio Scarpetta, as King failed to appear for the final four games(although King was trailing in the match at that point).  Scarpetta  was leading the match after game 20, and won Games 21 and 22 by Ron's forfeit. The last 2 games did not require playing

Title: World Checkers Championship
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Checkers_Championship
Excerpt: The World Checkers/Draughts Championship is the tournament of English draughts (also known as "American checkers" or "straight checkers") which determines the world champion. It is organised by the World Checkers/Draughts Federation. The first edition of the men's championship was held in the 1840s, predating the international draughts world championship by several decades. The women's championship has been held since 1986.
There are championships held in two versions. One is 3-Move, where players don't begin their game in the starting position but a position three moves in the game (often drawn randomly from all positions, excluding positions already losing a piece). The other is GAYP (Go as you please), where players start from the very beginning.

Title: Lubabalo Kondlo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lubabalo_Kondlo
Excerpt: Lubabalo Nicholas Kondlo (born 21 December 1971) is a player of English draughts (also known as American checkers) from South Africa. He holds the title of grandmaster, and is the former world champion in the GAYP (go as you please) version.