Title: National Outdoor Leadership School
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Outdoor_Leadership_School
Excerpt: NOLS is a non-profit outdoor education school based in the United States teaching environmental ethics, technical outdoor skills, wilderness medicine, risk management and judgment, and leadership on extended wilderness expeditions and in traditional classrooms. It was previously known as the National Outdoor Leadership School, but was renamed NOLS in 2015. NOLS teaches wilderness skills and leadership relating to the environment. NOLS runs courses on six continents.
Courses cover leadership and technical outdoor skills, including backpacking, canoeing, whitewater kayaking, packrafting, caving, rock climbing, fly fishing, horse-packing, sea kayaking, mountaineering, rafting, sailing, skiing, snowboarding, and wilderness medicine. NOLS has trained more than 280,000 students. Academic credit is available for all courses, through either the University of Utah, Western State Colorado University, or Central Wyoming College. NOLS has direct credit agreements with many colleges and universities. The company's headquarters are in Lander, Wyoming.

Title: David Breashears
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Breashears
Excerpt: David Finlay Breashears (December 20, 1955 – March 14, 2024) was an American mountaineer, filmmaker, author and motivational speaker. In 1985, he reached the summit of Mount Everest a second time, becoming the first American to reach the summit of Mount Everest more than once. 
He was the director and cinematographer of Everest (1998), which became the highest-grossing IMAX documentary at the time of its release. During the film's production, he assisted in rescue efforts during the 1996 Everest disaster.

Title: Ed Viesturs
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ed_Viesturs
Excerpt: Edmund Viesturs (born June 22, 1959) is an American high-altitude mountaineer, corporate speaker, and well known author in the mountain climbing community. He was the first American to climb all 14 of the eight-thousander mountains, and the 5th person to do so without supplemental oxygen. In 2023, Guinness World Records reclassified the first person to summit the true summits of all 8000ers and awarded Viesturs the record of the first ascent of all 14 peaks. This claim has been disputed, including by Viesturs himself.
Viesturs took part in the 1996 IMAX filming of Everest shortly after the 1996 Mount Everest disaster, which became the highest grossing documentary up to that time. Thirteen days after the disaster, his team summited Everest accompanied by a film crew. He also had a cameo in the 2000 film Vertical Limit.  Clive Standen plays Viesturs in the 2015 remake of Everest telling of the 1996 Mount Everest disaster.

Title: Jamling Tenzing Norgay
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamling_Tenzing_Norgay
Excerpt: Jamling Tenzing Norgay (born 23 April 1965) is an Indian mountaineer and author, best known for summiting Mount Everest as part of the 1996 Everest IMAX expedition. He was born in Darjeeling, West Bengal, India, and is the son of Tenzing Norgay.

Title: Sandy Hill (mountaineer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandy_Hill_(mountaineer)
Excerpt: Sandra Hill (born April 12, 1955, formerly Sandra Hill Pittman) is a mountaineer, author, former fashion editor, and socialite. She survived the 1996 Mount Everest disaster shortly after becoming the 34th woman to reach the Mount Everest summit and the second American woman to climb the Seven Summits.