Title: Cathy Cavadini
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cathy_Cavadini
Excerpt: Catherine Cavadini is an American voice actress. She is best known as the original voice of Blossom on Cartoon Network's short series What a Cartoon! and the animated television series The Powerpuff Girls, as well as Tanya Mousekewitz in An American Tail: Fievel Goes West.

Title: Ghostkeeper
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghostkeeper
Excerpt: Ghostkeeper is a 1981 Canadian supernatural slasher film directed by James Makichuk, and starring Riva Spier, Georgie Collins, and Murray Ord. Its plot centers on a trio of snowmobilers in the Canadian Rockies who become stranded at an abandoned hotel where the elderly female innkeeper is hiding an evil entity within the building. The film is inspired by the Windigo legend of North America.
Filmed in Banff, Alberta under a tax shelter in December 1980, the film had an unstable financial situation and the filmmakers nearly halted the production mid-way through due to depletion of its budget. The film was given a brief theatrical release in Canada and was released directly to video in the United States by New World Pictures. It has attained a cult following in the years since its release.
The independent cult label Code Red Releasing later acquired the film, and released on DVD for the first time in April 2012. In August 2017, they reissued the film on Blu-ray featuring a new 2K scan of the original film elements.

Title: Ghostkeeper (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghostkeeper_(band)
Excerpt: Ghostkeeper is a Canadian experimental pop/rock band led by Shane Ghostkeeper, who writes most of the songs, and includes members Sarah Houle, drummer Eric Hamelin and bassist Ryan Bourne. Their songs combine elements of 1960s girl-group melodies, country music, 1990s indie rock, African pop, and traditional Aboriginal pow wow music.

Title: Georgie Collins
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georgie_Collins
Excerpt: Eileen Georgina "Georgie" Collins (née Given; June 12, 1925 – May 3, 2017) was a Canadian film, stage, and television actress. Collins is known for her role in the 1981 cult horror film Ghostkeeper, as well as her roles in the television series Lonesome Dove: The Series (1995) and the Steven Spielberg-produced miniseries Into the West (2005).
Born in Calgary and raised in DeBolt, Alberta, Collins began acting in stage productions in the 1960s before making her feature film debut in The Visitor (1974). Subsequent film credits include The Boy Who Talked to Badgers (1975), Rad (1986), Housekeeping (1988), and How the West Was Fun (1994).
In addition to working in film and television, Collins was a longtime prominent figure in Calgary's theater community, working as a director and actress. She served as the artistic director of the Pleiades Theater from 1976 until 1990.

Title: The Buffalo Hunter Hunter
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Buffalo_Hunter_Hunter
Excerpt: The Buffalo Hunter Hunter is a 2025 novel by Native American author Stephen Graham Jones. It tells the story of Etsy Beaucarne, a professor who discovers a manuscript written by her ancestor Arthur. Arthur's manuscript narrates the story of Good Stab, a Blackfeet Indian with a mysterious past.
The novel received critical acclaim, winning the Bram Stoker Award for Best Novel, Locus Award for Best Horror Novel, and Nebula Award for Best Novel. Reviewers have praised the book for its exploration of Native American history, genocide, and a unique take on the vampire genre.