Title: Noël Coward
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No%C3%ABl_Coward
Excerpt: Sir Noël Peirce Coward (16 December 1899 – 26 March 1973) was an English playwright, composer, director, actor, and singer, known for his wit, flamboyance, and what Time called "a sense of personal style, a combination of cheek and chic, pose and poise".
Coward attended a dance academy in London as a child, making his professional stage début at the age of eleven. As a teenager he was introduced into the high society in which most of his plays would be set. Coward achieved enduring success as a playwright, publishing more than 50 plays from his teens onwards. Many of his works, such as Hay Fever, Private Lives, Design for Living, Present Laughter, and Blithe Spirit, have remained in the regular theatre repertoire. He composed hundreds of songs, in addition to well over a dozen musical theatre works (including the operetta Bitter Sweet and comic revues), screenplays, poetry, several volumes of short stories, the novel Pomp and Circumstance, and a three-volume autobiography. Coward's stage and film acting and directing career spanned six decades, during which he starred in many of his own works, as well as those of others.
At the outbreak of the Second World War, Coward volunteered for war work, running the British propaganda office in Paris. He also worked with the Secret Service, seeking to use his influence to persuade the American public and government to help Britain. Coward won an Academy Honorary Award in 1943 for his naval film drama In Which We Serve and was knighted in 1970. In the 1950s he achieved fresh success as a cabaret performer, performing his own songs, such as "Mad Dogs and Englishmen", "London Pride", and "I Went to a Marvellous Party".
Coward's plays and songs achieved new popularity in the 1960s and 1970s, and his work and style continue to influence popular culture. He did not publicly acknowledge his homosexuality, but it was discussed candidly after his death by biographers including Graham Payn, his long-time partner, and in Coward's diaries and letters, published posthumously. The former Albery Theatre (originally the New Theatre) in London was renamed the Noël Coward Theatre in his honour in 2006.

Title: Look What You Made Me
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Look_What_You_Made_Me
Excerpt: Look What You Made Me is the debut studio album by American rapper Yung Berg.
Released on August 12, 2008 under Epic Records and Koch Records, it is the only studio album to be released under the Yung Berg alias and also the only album that he has recorded as a performing rapper before transitioning to record production under the alias, Hitmaka.
Production was handled by Rob Holladay, Jason 'JFK' Fleming, Boogz, Detail, Mr. Collipark and Xcel. It features guest appearances from Casha Darjean, Amerie, K. Young, Lloyd, Ray J, Trey Songz and Twista among others. The album debuted at #20 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart selling 19,000 copies in its first week.

Title: Hotel California (Tyga album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hotel_California_(Tyga_album)
Excerpt: Hotel California is the third studio album by American rapper Tyga. It was released on April 9, 2013, by Cash Money Records, Republic Records and Young Money Entertainment. The album features guest appearances from Lil Wayne, 2 Chainz, The Game, Jadakiss, while the production on the album was handled by DJ Mustard, Detail, Cool & Dre, David D.A. Doman, Mars of 1500 or Nothin', The Olympicks, SAP and Ryan Hunt, among others.
Hotel California was supported by three singles: "Dope" (featuring Rick Ross), "For the Road" (featuring Chris Brown), and "Show You" (featuring Future), as well as promotional single "Molly" (featuring Cedric Gervais, Wiz Khalifa and Mally Mall).
The album was met with mixed to negative reviews from music critics. Commercially, it debuted at number seven on the US Billboard 200, with first-week sales of 54,000 copies in the United States. It was later certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in March 2020.

Title: Worst Behavior
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Worst_Behavior
Excerpt: "Worst Behavior" is a song by Canadian recording artist Drake from his third studio album Nothing Was the Same (2013). "Worst Behavior" was produced by DJ Dahi, and was written by Drake, Anthony Palman, DJ Dahi, and Detail. The song peaked at number 89 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. On June 9, 2014, the song was serviced to urban contemporary radio in the United Kingdom as the album's seventh single.

Title: List of songs recorded by Kanye West
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_songs_recorded_by_Kanye_West
Excerpt: This is a list of songs recorded by Kanye West, an American rapper, record producer, and songwriter. The list includes over 600 released songs on which West appears as a main artist or featured artist, as well as a selection of notable unreleased recordings. Songs are organized alphabetically and cover West's discography from his early work in the 2000s through his releases in the 2020s, including collaborations released under group names such as Kids See Ghosts and ¥$.