Title: Costus barbatus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costus_barbatus
Excerpt: Costus barbatus is a critically endangered species of plant native to Costa Rica.
Costus barbatus is a perennial plant with a red inflorescence. The foliage of Costus barbatus is dark green and fuzzy underneath. The long red inflorescences are complemented with bright yellow tubular flowers. Clumps spread easily and produce plants that normally get to six feet tall. Costus barbatus flowers all year round.
Costus barbatus is pollinated by hummingbirds. 
The name Costus barbatus has often been mistakenly applied to Costus comosus. Costus comosus can be found in nurseries and botanical gardens, while Costus barbatus is not cultivated.

Title: Costus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costus
Excerpt: Costus is a genus of herbaceous perennial plants in the family Costaceae, described by Linnaeus in 1753. It is widespread through tropical and subtropical regions of Asia, Africa, and the Americas.
Costus is often characterized and distinguished from relatives such as Zingiber (true ginger) by its spiraling stems. The genus as a whole is thus often called spiral gingers, but this can also refer to C. barbatus specifically. It is important not to confuse Costus scaber, C. spectabilis etc. with the herb known by the common name "costus".
Costus spectabilis is the floral emblem of Nigeria; its flowers are represented (erroneously in red instead of yellow color) on its coat of arms.
Costus productus and Costus guanaiensis are among the species of Costus with edible flowers. Other Costus species' flowers have also been determined to be edible.
Some Costus species have traditional medicinal and veterinary uses. For example, in Trinidad and Tobago, a mix of Costus scaber juice and crushed Renealmia alpinia berries is used to treat dogs bitten by snakes.
Costus naturally hybridizes, and commercial hybrids have also been produced.

Title: Turgenitubulus costus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turgenitubulus_costus
Excerpt: Turgenitubulus costus is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Camaenidae. This species is endemic to Australia.

Title: Dolomiaea costus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dolomiaea_costus
Excerpt: Dolomiaea costus, formerly known as Saussurea costus, commonly known as costus, Indian costus, kuth, or putchuk, is a species of thistle in the genus Dolomiaea native to South Asia and China. Rishi (Hindu) mystics of Kashmir especially ate this plant. Essential oils extracted from the root have been used in traditional medicine and in perfumes since ancient times.
Costus is the root of this plant. The root of the plant is the key part used for medicinal or homeopathic purposes. The root is also called by its Latin name radix aucklandiae (root of Aucklandia).
It has a large number of names in other languages, including kuṣṭha in Sanskrit; kust or qust in Arabic and Persian; kut, kur, and pachak in Hindi and Bengali, kostum, gostham,  and potchuk in Tamil; upaleta and kur in Gujarati; kot or kust in Punjabi; changala in Telugu; sepuddy in Malayalam; kostha in Kannada; kuth or postkhai in Kashmiri; and kosht (קשט) in Hebrew; koto in Swahili; mu xiang in Chinese.

Title: Costus spicatus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costus_spicatus
Excerpt: Costus spicatus, also known as spiked spiralflag ginger or Indian head ginger, is a species of herbaceous plant in the Costaceae family (also sometimes placed in Zingiberaceae). Common names in the Antilles include cumani, gengibre cimarron, gengibrillo, canne d’eau, and la canne de rivière.