Title: Latin America
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latin_America
Excerpt: Latin America (Spanish: América Latina or Latinoamérica; Portuguese: América Latina) is the cultural region of the Americas where Romance languages are predominantly spoken, primarily Spanish and Portuguese.
Since it is defined according to its cultural identity instead of its geography, Latin America includes countries from both North and South America. For instance, countries from North America like Mexico, Honduras, Guatemala, etc. tend to be included. In fact, most of the countries in Central America, South America and the Caribbean are considered Latin American countries. English or Dutch-speaking countries in South America or the Caribbean like Belize, Guyana, Jamaica, Trinidad and Tobago, Suriname, etc. are not considered "Latin American" because they speak Germanic languages. As such, Latin America comprises Hispanic America along with Brazil. Related terms include the narrower Hispanic America, which exclusively refers to Spanish-speaking nations; and the broader Ibero-America, which includes all Iberian countries in the Americas.
The term Latin America was first introduced in 1856 at a conference named Initiative of the Americas: Idea for a Federal Congress of the Republics (Iniciativa de la América. Idea de un Congreso Federal de las Repúblicas), at Paris. Chilean politician Francisco Bilbao coined the term to refer to countries sharing cultural and linguistic heritage. It gained further prominence during the 1860s under the rule of Napoleon III, whose government sought to justify France's intervention in the Second Mexican Empire.

Title: Oaxaca
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oaxaca
Excerpt: Oaxaca, officially the Free and Sovereign State of Oaxaca, is one of the 31 states of Mexico. It is divided into 570 municipalities, of which 418 (almost three quarters) are governed by the system of usos y costumbres (customs and traditions) with recognized local forms of self-governance. Its capital city is Oaxaca de Juárez.
Oaxaca is in Southern Mexico. It is bordered by the states of Guerrero to the west, Puebla to the northwest, Veracruz to the north, and Chiapas to the east. To the south, Oaxaca has a significant coastline on the Pacific Ocean.
The state is best known for its Indigenous peoples and cultures. The most numerous and best known are the Zapotecs and the Mixtecs, but 16 are officially recognized. These cultures have survived better than most others in Mexico due to the state's rugged and isolating terrain. Most live in the Central Valleys region, which is also an economically important area for tourism, with people attracted for its archeological sites such as Monte Albán, and Mitla, and its various native cultures and crafts. Another important tourist area is the coast, which has the major resort of Huatulco and sandy beaches of Puerto Escondido, Puerto Ángel, Zipolite, Bahia de Tembo, and Mazunte. Oaxaca is also one of Mexico's most biologically diverse states, ranking in the top three, along with Chiapas and Veracruz, for numbers of reptiles, amphibians, mammals and plants.

Title: Planned community
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Planned_community
Excerpt: A planned community, planned city, planned town, or planned settlement is any community that was carefully planned from its inception and is typically constructed on previously undeveloped land. This contrasts with settlements that evolve organically.
The term new town refers to planned communities of the new towns movement in particular, mainly in the United Kingdom. It was also common during the European colonization of the Americas to build according to a plan either on fresh ground or on the ruins of earlier Native American villages.
A model city is a type of planned city designed to a high standard and intended as a model for others to imitate. The term was first used in 1854.

Title: Querétaro
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quer%C3%A9taro
Excerpt: Querétaro, officially the Free and Sovereign State of Querétaro, is one of the 32 federal entities of Mexico. It is divided into 18 municipalities. Its capital city is Santiago de Querétaro. It is located in north-central Mexico, in a region known as Bajío. It is bordered by the states of San Luis Potosí to the north, Guanajuato to the west, Hidalgo to the east, México to the southeast and Michoacán to the southwest.
The state is one of the smallest in Mexico, but also one of the most heterogeneous geographically, with ecosystems varying from deserts to tropical rainforest, especially in the Sierra Gorda, which is filled with microecosystems. The area of the state was located on the northern edge of Mesoamerica, with both the Purépecha Empire and Aztec Empire having influence in the extreme south, but neither really dominating it. The area, especially the Sierra Gorda, had a number of small city-states, but by the time the Spanish arrived, the area was independent from imperial powers. Small agricultural villages and seminomadic peoples lived in the area. Spanish conquest was focused on the establishment of Santiago de Querétaro, which still dominates the state culturally, economically and educationally.
For many years, the official name of the state was Querétaro Arteaga, but in 2008 the State Legislature approved the adoption of the simpler name Querétaro.

Title: Mexico–United States border wall
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexico%E2%80%93United_States_border_wall
Excerpt: A border wall is being built along portions of the Mexico–United States border in an attempt to reduce illegal immigration to the United States from Mexico. The barrier is not a continuous structure but a series of obstructions variously classified as "fences" or "walls".
Between the physical barriers, security is provided by a "virtual fence" of sensors, cameras, and other surveillance equipment used to dispatch United States Border Patrol agents to suspected migrant crossings. In May 2011, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) said it had 649 miles (1,044 km) of barriers in place. A total of 438 miles (705 km) of new primary barriers were built during Donald Trump's first presidency, dubbed the "Trump Wall", though President Trump had repeatedly promised a "giant wall" spanning the entire border and that Mexico would "pay for the wall", neither of which were done. The national border's length is 1,954 miles (3,145 km), of which 1,255 miles (2,020 km) is the Rio Grande and 699 miles (1,125 km) is on land.
President Joe Biden signed an executive order on his first day of office, January 20, 2021, which ordered a pause in all construction of the border wall no later than January 27, 2021. By December 2021, many contracts had been cancelled. On July 28, 2022, the Biden administration announced it would fill four wide border wall gaps in Arizona near Yuma, an area with some of the busiest corridors for illegal crossings. In October 2023, President Biden announced that he was restarting border wall construction on some parts of the border due to the surge of migrant crossings, constructing an additional 20 miles (32 km) of border wall.
In January 2025, re-elected president Donald Trump pledged to finish the border wall during his second term. The amount of existing Wall (prior to 1/20/2025) that met United States Border Patrol operational requirements was ~644 miles of Primary Wall and ~75 miles of Secondary Wall. On October 10, 2025, the initiative was officially designated as a "Smart Wall", with an interactive Smart Wall Map Page, to reflect the layers of "System Attributes" and other detection technology that would be incorporated into the design. In a May 2026 interview, Department of Homeland Security (DHS) secretary Markwayne Mullin stated that he expected the Primary Wall to be completed by April or June 2027 with the Secondary Wall and other components to be completed before Trump left office. In a June 2026 interview, Customs and Border Protection (CBP) commissioner Rodney S. Scott stated he made a commitment to President Trump that the Primary Wall would be completed by the end of 2027 and that the entire system would be completed by July 2028.