Title: Looking (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Looking_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Looking is an American comedy-drama television series that aired on HBO from January 19, 2014, to July 23, 2016. It was created by Michael Lannan, with Lannan, Andrew Haigh, David Marshall Grant, and Sarah Condon serving as executive producers. The show stars Jonathan Groff, Frankie J. Alvarez, Murray Bartlett, Lauren Weedman, Russell Tovey, and Raúl Castillo. It centers on the lives of Patrick, Agustín, and Dom—three gay men living and working in modern-day San Francisco. Looking marked HBO's first television series focused primarily on the lives of gay men.
The series received critical acclaim for its writing, direction, and performances, as well as for its grounded, nuanced portrayal of LGBTQ life. Ten of the show's eighteen episodes were directed by Andrew Haigh, whose naturalistic filmmaking style drew comparisons to his 2011 film Weekend and to the mumblecore movement in independent cinema.
Despite strong critical reception, the series struggled with viewership. The second-season finale drew just 298,000 viewers, which led HBO to cancel the series after two seasons. To provide closure, the network commissioned a feature-length television film, Looking: The Movie, which premiered at the Frameline Film Festival on June 26, 2016, and later aired on HBO on July 23, 2016.
In retrospective rankings, Looking has been recognized for its cultural impact and storytelling. In 2019, The Guardian included the series in its list of the "100 Greatest TV Shows of the 21st Century". In 2022, Esquire ranked it #21 in its list of "The Best HBO Series of All Time".

Title: The Leftovers (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Leftovers_(TV_series)
Excerpt: The Leftovers is an American supernatural drama television series created by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta that aired on HBO from June 29, 2014, to June 4, 2017. Based on Perrotta's 2011 novel, the series begins three years after the "Sudden Departure", a global event that resulted in 2% of the world's population disappearing. The lives of police chief Kevin Garvey (Justin Theroux) and his family, along with grieving widow Nora Durst (Carrie Coon) and her brother, Reverend Matt Jamison (Christopher Eccleston), are the focal points of the series as they struggle to adjust to life after the Departure.
The pilot was written by Lindelof and Perrotta and directed by Peter Berg. The series stars an ensemble cast led by Theroux and features Amy Brenneman, Christopher Eccleston, Liv Tyler, Chris Zylka, Margaret Qualley, Carrie Coon, Ann Dowd, Regina King, Jovan Adepo, Kevin Carroll, Janel Moloney, and Scott Glenn. The series was renewed for a second season, which premiered on October 4, 2015, and concluded December 6, 2015. On December 10, 2015, at Lindelof's request to be able to conclude the series, HBO renewed it for a third and final season, which premiered on April 16, 2017, and concluded on June 4, 2017. Over the course of the series, 28 episodes aired over three seasons.
The first season received mostly positive reviews, though one negative review criticized the series for being "clunky" and unsubtle. The series underwent a critical reevaluation during its acclaimed second and third seasons, with many critics referring to The Leftovers as one of the greatest television series of all time, with particular praise for its writing, directing, acting (particularly Theroux's and Coon's) and thematic depth. The musical score composed by Max Richter also attracted critical praise. Despite receiving average Nielsen ratings throughout its run, the series has developed a cult following. The series has been compared favorably to Lost, a previous series co-created by Lindelof.

Title: List of The Leftovers episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_The_Leftovers_episodes
Excerpt: The Leftovers is an American supernatural mystery drama television series created and produced by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta, based on Perrotta's novel of the same name. It premiered on HBO on June 29, 2014, and ran for three seasons, ending on June 4, 2017. The series features an ensemble cast that includes Justin Theroux, Amy Brenneman, Christopher Eccleston, Liv Tyler, Chris Zylka, Margaret Qualley, Carrie Coon, Ann Dowd, Regina King, Kevin Carroll and Jovan Adepo. 
The series takes place in a variety of locations, including New York (seasons 1–2), Texas (seasons 2–3) and Victoria, Australia (season 3). It begins three years after the "Sudden Departure", a global event that resulted in 2% of the world's population disappearing, and follows the lives of those who were left behind. 
During the course of the series, 28 episodes of The Leftovers aired over three seasons.

Title: Pilot (The Leftovers)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pilot_(The_Leftovers)
Excerpt: "Pilot" is the series premiere of the HBO drama television series The Leftovers. It aired in the United States on June 29, 2014. The series is based on Tom Perrotta's novel of the same name. It received mostly positive reviews, with critics praising its themes and the performances of the cast.

Title: Watchmen (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watchmen_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Watchmen is a 2019 American superhero limited series created by Damon Lindelof for HBO. The series is written as a sequel to the 1986 DC Comics series Watchmen, created by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons. Its ensemble cast includes Regina King, Don Johnson, Tim Blake Nelson, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, Andrew Howard, Jacob Ming-Trent, Tom Mison, Sara Vickers, Dylan Schombing, Louis Gossett Jr. and Jeremy Irons. Jean Smart and Hong Chau joined the cast in later episodes.
Lindelof likened the television series to a "remix" of the original comic series. While the series is technically a sequel that takes place 34 years after the events of the comics within the same alternate reality, Lindelof wanted to introduce new characters and conflicts which created a new story within the Watchmen continuity, rather than creating a reboot. The series focuses on events surrounding racist violence in present-day Tulsa, Oklahoma. A white supremacist group called the Seventh Kavalry has taken up arms against the Tulsa Police Department because of perceived racial injustices, causing the police to conceal their identities with masks to prevent the Seventh Kavalry from targeting them in their homes following the "White Night". Angela Abar (portrayed by King), a detective known as Sister Night, investigates the murder of her friend and the chief of the police, Judd Crawford (Johnson), and discovers secrets regarding the situations around vigilantism.
The series, promoted by HBO as an ongoing drama series, premiered on October 20, 2019, before concluding its nine-episode run on December 15. Lindelof left his role as showrunner after the first season, stating that he had completed his intended story. HBO subsequently confirmed there are no further plans for the show to continue without Lindelof returning in some capacity, and reclassified the work as a limited series with possible future installments.
Watchmen received critical acclaim for its performances, writing, visuals, score, and expansion of the source material, as well as commendation for highlighting the 1921 Tulsa race massacre. The series received 11 awards at the 72nd Primetime Emmy Awards – the most for any show in 2020.