Title: Richard Hell
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Hell
Excerpt: Richard Lester Meyers (born October 2, 1949), better known by his stage name Richard Hell, is an American singer, songwriter, bass guitarist and writer.
Hell was in several important early punk rock bands, including Neon Boys, Television, and the Heartbreakers, after which he formed Richard Hell & the Voidoids. Their 1977 album Blank Generation influenced many other punk bands. Its title track was named "One of the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock" by music writers in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame listing and is ranked as one of the all-time Top 10 punk songs by a 2006 poll of original British punk figures, as reported in the Rough Guide to Punk.
Since the late 1980s, Hell has devoted himself primarily to writing, publishing two novels and several other books. He was the film critic for BlackBook magazine from 2004 to 2006.

Title: West End Girls
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/West_End_Girls
Excerpt: "West End Girls" is a song by the English synth-pop duo Pet Shop Boys. Written by Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe, the song was released twice as a single. The lyrics, concerned with class and the pressures of inner-city life in London, are inspired partly by T. S. Eliot's poem The Waste Land (1922). The track was generally well received by contemporary music critics and has been frequently cited as a highlight in the duo's career.
The first version of the song was produced by Bobby Orlando and was released on Columbia Records' Bobcat Records imprint in April 1984, becoming a club hit in the United States and some European countries. After the duo signed with EMI, the song was re-recorded with producer Stephen Hague for their first studio album, Please (1986). In October 1985, the new version was released, reaching number one in the United Kingdom and the United States in 1986.
In 1987, the song won Best Single at the Brit Awards and Best International Hit at the Ivor Novello Awards. In 2005, 20 years after its release, it was awarded Song of The Decade between 1985 and 1994 by the British Academy of Composers and Songwriters. A critic's poll in 2020 by The Guardian selected "West End Girls" as the greatest UK number-one single. Despite not being considered a hip-hop track, it is one of the very first songs heavily influenced by rap or spoken-word to top the charts on both the UK singles chart and the US Billboard Hot 100, though its classification as rap has been a source of controversy.
The song was performed by the Pet Shop Boys at the 2012 Summer Olympics closing ceremony.

Title: Watch the World Burn
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watch_the_World_Burn
Excerpt: "Watch the World Burn" is a song by American rock band Falling in Reverse. It was released on January 31, 2023, through Epitaph Records. It was released as a standalone single and was later included on their fifth studio album Popular Monster.

Title: 2025 in American music
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2025_in_American_music
Excerpt: The following is a list of events and releases that happened in 2025 in music in the United States.

Title: 2008 in American music
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_in_American_music
Excerpt: The following is a list of notable music events and releases that occurred in 2008 in the United States.