Title: Mako (actor)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mako_(actor)
Excerpt: Makoto Iwamatsu (岩松 信, Iwamatsu Makoto; December 10, 1933 – July 21, 2006) was a Japanese-American actor, credited mononymously in almost all of his acting roles as simply Mako (マコ;  MAH-koh). His career in film, on television, and on stage spanned five decades and 165 productions. He was nominated for an Academy Award, Golden Globe Award, and a Tony Award.
Born and raised in Kobe, Mako moved to the United States after the Second World War, where his dissident parents had moved to escape political persecution. After serving with the U.S. Army during the Korean War, he trained in acting at the Pasadena Playhouse and later co-founded the East West Players. His role as Po-Han (his second credited role on film) in the 1966 film The Sand Pebbles saw him nominated for the Academy Award and the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor.
His other various roles included Kichijiro in the 1971 film adaptation of Silence, Oomiak "The Fearless One" in The Island at the Top of the World (1974), Akiro the Wizard in Conan the Barbarian (1982) and Conan the Destroyer (1984), and Kungo Tsarong in Seven Years in Tibet (1997). He was part of the original cast of Stephen Sondheim's 1976 Broadway musical Pacific Overtures, which earned him a Tony Award nomination for Best Actor in a Musical. Later in his career, he became well known for his voice-acting roles, including Mr. Yamaguchi in Rugrats in Paris: The Movie, Aku in the first four seasons of Samurai Jack (2001–04), and Iroh in the first two seasons of Avatar: The Last Airbender (2005–06).
He died on July 21, 2006, at the age of 72 from esophageal cancer.

Title: Chang Apana
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chang_Apana
Excerpt: Chang Apana (December 26, 1871 – December 8, 1933; traditional Chinese: 鄭阿平; simplified Chinese: 郑阿平; pinyin: Zhèng Āpíng) was a Chinese-Hawaiian detective of the Honolulu Police Department. He was acknowledged by Earl Derr Biggers as the inspiration for his fictional Chinese-American detective character, Charlie Chan.

Title: Byron Mann
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byron_Mann
Excerpt: Byron Mann Fung (Chinese: 文峰; Jyutping: Man4 Fung1; nè Chan) is a Hong Kong-American actor. His best-known roles include Ryu in Street Fighter, Silver Lion in The Man with the Iron Fists, Wing Chau in The Big Short, Admiral Augusto Nguyen on The Expanse, Chang on Hell on Wheels, Yao Fei on Arrow, and Uncle Six in the Netflix series Wu Assassins.

Title: List of Community characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Community_characters
Excerpt: Community is an American television sitcom created by Dan Harmon that ran for 110 episodes. The show, set at the fictional Greendale Community College, depicts the on-campus exploits of a close-knit study group. In the pilot, the main cast members are Joel McHale, Gillian Jacobs, Danny Pudi, Yvette Nicole Brown, Alison Brie, Donald Glover, and Chevy Chase. Ken Jeong joined the main cast starting with the second episode, and Jim Rash was promoted to the main cast at the start of the third season. John Oliver, Jonathan Banks, Paget Brewster, and Keith David also played major roles throughout their stints while not actually being credited among the main cast. The series also features recurring characters, mainly fellow students or teachers at Greendale.

Title: Yogesh (actor)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yogesh_(actor)
Excerpt: Yogesh (born 6 July 1990; sometimes billed as Yogi and Yogish) is an Indian actor and singer who appears in Kannada films. He stepped into the limelight with his debut in the 2007 blockbuster Duniya, where his portrayal of the quirky and memorable character Loose Maada earned him instant fame and a lasting nickname among fans. This role not only marked his entry into Sandalwood but also set the stage for a career filled with versatility and acclaim.
After his impactful debut, Yogesh transitioned into lead roles with Nanda Loves Nanditha (2008), a romantic drama that became a massive hit across Karnataka. His career-defining moment came with Ambari(2009), directed by A. P. Arjun, where his heartfelt performance as Dhanush won critical and commercial success. This film earned him Karnataka State Film Award for Best Actor, cementing his position as a leading star. His other notable films include, Hudugaru (2011), Sidlingu (2012), Alemari (2012), Yaare Koogadali (2012), Bangari (2013) and Bhajarangi (2013).