Title: Provisional Irish Republican Army
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Provisional_Irish_Republican_Army
Excerpt: The Provisional Irish Republican Army (Provisional IRA), officially known as the Irish Republican Army (IRA; Irish: Óglaigh na hÉireann) and informally known as the Provos, was an Irish republican paramilitary force that sought to end British rule in Northern Ireland, facilitate Irish reunification and bring about an independent socialist republic, which would encompass all of Ireland. It was the most active republican paramilitary group during the Troubles. It argued that the all-island Irish Republic continued to exist, and it saw itself as that state's army, the sole legitimate successor to the original IRA from the Irish War of Independence. It was designated a terrorist organisation in the United Kingdom and an unlawful organisation in the Republic of Ireland, both of whose authority it rejected.
The Provisional IRA emerged in December 1969, due to a split within the previous incarnation of the IRA and the broader Irish republican movement. It was initially the minority faction in the split compared to the Official IRA but became the dominant faction by 1972. The Troubles had begun shortly before when a largely Catholic, nonviolent civil rights campaign was met with violence from both Ulster loyalists and the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC), culminating in the August 1969 riots and deployment of British soldiers.
The IRA initially focused on defence of Catholic areas, but it began an offensive campaign in 1970 that was aided by external sources, including Irish diaspora communities within the Anglosphere, and the Palestine Liberation Organization and Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. It used guerrilla tactics against the British Army and RUC in both rural and urban areas, and carried out a bombing campaign in Northern Ireland and England against military, political and economic targets, and British military targets in mainland Europe. They also targeted civilian contractors to the British security forces. The IRA's armed campaign, primarily in Northern Ireland but also in England and mainland Europe, killed over 1,700 people, including roughly 1,000 members of the British security forces and 500–644 civilians.
The Provisional IRA declared a final ceasefire in July 1997, after which its political wing Sinn Féin was admitted into multi-party peace talks on the future of Northern Ireland. These resulted in the 1998 Good Friday Agreement. In 2005, the IRA formally ended its armed campaign and decommissioned its weapons under the supervision of the Independent International Commission on Decommissioning. Several splinter groups have been formed as a result of splits within the IRA, including the Continuity IRA, which is still active in the dissident Irish republican campaign, and the Real IRA.

Title: List of Mr. Belvedere episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Mr._Belvedere_episodes
Excerpt: This is the complete episode list for the U.S. TV series Mr. Belvedere, which spanned 6 seasons. There were 7 episodes made for season 1, and 22 episodes made for each subsequent season. A total of 117 episodes in the 6 seasons were produced for the ABC television network from 1985 to 1990, with some episodes being shelved by ABC, only to make their debut in off-network syndication. Each episode was videotaped before a live audience at ABC Television Center (now The Prospect Studios) in Hollywood, CA, (Sunset Gower Studios in the Pilot and Season 1) utilizing a multi-camera setup, though some episodes occasionally did on-location shoots. Also occasionally, the show did multi-part episodes. There were three in total (one from season 3, one from season 4, and one from season 6), and all of them were two-parts long.
All episodes are arranged in the order of first television airing. Information on ratings for first-run airings comes from Broadcasting Magazine and USA Today.
Tape dates (whenever available) have been compiled from various scripts, and other production materials online.

Title: Timeline of Irish National Liberation Army actions
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_Irish_National_Liberation_Army_actions
Excerpt: This is the
Timeline of Irish National Liberation Army actions (Irish National Liberation Army actions, INLA), an Irish republican socialist paramilitary group. Most of these actions took place as part of its 1975–1998 campaign during "the Troubles" in Northern Ireland. The INLA did not start claiming responsibility for its actions under the INLA name until January 1976 at which point they had already killed 12 people, before then they used the names People's Liberation Army (PLA) and People's Republican Army (PRA) to claim its attacks.

Title: List of bombings during the Troubles
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_bombings_during_the_Troubles
Excerpt: This is a list of notable bombings related to the Northern Ireland "Troubles" and their aftermath. It includes bombings that took place in Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland, and Great Britain since 1968. During the conflict (1968–1998), there were at least 10,000 bomb attacks in Northern Ireland alone.

Title: List of 1980s deaths in popular music
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_1980s_deaths_in_popular_music
Excerpt: The following is a list of notable performers of rock and roll music or rock music, and others directly associated with the music as producers, songwriters or in other closely related roles, who have died in the 1980s. The list gives their date, cause and location of death, and their age.
Rock music developed from the rock and roll music that emerged during the 1950s, and includes a diverse range of subgenres. The terms "rock and roll" and "rock" each have a variety of definitions, some narrow and some wider. In determining criteria for inclusion, this list uses as its basis reliable sources listing "rock deaths" or "deaths in rock and roll", as well as such sources as the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.