Title: Song of the South
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_of_the_South
Excerpt: Song of the South is a 1946 American  musical film directed by Harve Foster and Wilfred Jackson, produced by Walt Disney, and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the Uncle Remus stories as adapted by Joel Chandler Harris, stars James Baskett in his final film role, and features the voices of Johnny Lee, Baskett, and Nick Stewart. The live-action/animated film takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia during the Reconstruction era, a period of American history after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery. The story follows seven-year-old Johnny (Bobby Driscoll) who is visiting his grandmother's (Lucile Watson) plantation for an extended stay. Johnny befriends Uncle Remus (Baskett), an elderly worker on the plantation, and takes joy in hearing his tales about the adventures of Br'er Rabbit (Lee), Br'er Fox, and Br'er Bear (Baskett and Stewart). Johnny learns from the stories how to cope with the challenges he is experiencing while living on the plantation.
Walt Disney had wanted to produce a film based on the Uncle Remus stories for some time. In 1939, he began negotiating with the Harris family for the film rights, and in 1944, filming for Song of the South began. The studio constructed a plantation set, for the outdoor scenes, in Phoenix, Arizona, while other scenes were filmed in Hollywood. The film is predominantly live action, but includes three animated segments, which were later released as stand-alone television features. Some scenes also feature a combination of live action with animation. Song of the South premiered in Atlanta in November 1946 and the remainder of its initial theater run was a financial success. The song  "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" won the 1947 Academy Award for Best Original Song and Baskett received an Academy Honorary Award for his performance as Uncle Remus.
Since its initial release the film has attracted controversy, with critics characterizing its portrayal of African Americans and plantation life as racist. As a result of the film's controversial legacy, Disney has not released Song of the South on any home video format in the United States, and the film has never been available on its streaming platform Disney+. Some of the musical and animated sequences have been released through other means, and the full film has seen home video distribution in other countries. The cartoon characters from the film continued to appear in a variety of books, comics, and other Disney media for many decades after the film's release. The theme park ride Splash Mountain, located at Tokyo Disneyland and formerly located at Disneyland and Magic Kingdom, is based on the film's animated sequences.

Title: Sean South (song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sean_South_(song)
Excerpt: “Sean South of Garryowen” is a song about Seán South (written by Seán Costello), a member of the Pearse Column of the Irish Republican Army, who was fatally wounded during the attack on Brookeborough barracks in 1957. It is sung to the same tune as "Roddy McCorley". The words were first published in The Irish Catholic, the Irish weekly Roman Catholic newspaper, within a week of South's death.
Contrary to popular belief, South was not from the area of Garryowen, this being poetic licence on the part of the writer. It has also been satirised in the Rubberbandits song "Up da Ra", from their 2011 album Serious About Men.

Title: Song of the South (song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_of_the_South_(song)
Excerpt: "Song of the South" is a song written by Bob McDill.  First recorded by American country music artist Bobby Bare on his 1980 album Drunk & Crazy, a version by Johnny Russell reached number 57 on the U.S. Billboard country chart in 1981.  Another cover by Tom T. Hall and Earl Scruggs peaked at number 72 in 1982 from the album Storyteller and the Banjo Man. A cover released in November 1988 by American country music group Alabama, from their album Southern Star, reached number 1 on both the U.S. and Canadian country charts.

Title: Song of the South Wind
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_of_the_South_Wind
Excerpt: "Song of the South Wind" (南风歌，Nan Feng Ge) is a pre-Qin verse allegedly composed by the sage-king Shun. Its reference first appeared in Family sayings of Confucius. Qing dynasty scholar Cui Shu contended that the verse was not authored by Shun but by musicians and lyricists from later dynasties. The lines portray an ideal emperor in line with Confucian ideology.

The first two lines describe how the gentle south wind brings both physical and emotional comfort, while the last two lines emphasize how this seasonal wind promotes the growth of crops, thereby aiding the people in building their fortunes.
Sima Qian remarked in the Records of the Grand Historian, Book of Music,  that "Song of the South Wind" is a song on the emperor's virtue and benevolence to care for its people. Wang Su (王肃), a scholar during the Three Kingdoms era, and the editor of Family sayings of Confucius, echoed this view, stating that the "Song of the South Wind" is a poem about nurturing the people.
The "South Wind" became a symbol of a prosperous and harmonious society under the reign of sage kings. Later generations of poets including Wang Wei and Bai Juyi often referenced the "South Wind" as an ode to such an era.

Title: South Korea in the Eurovision Song Contest Asia
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Korea_in_the_Eurovision_Song_Contest_Asia
Excerpt: South Korea, presented as the Republic of Korea, is set to be represented at the Eurovision Song Contest Asia 2026. The South Korean participating broadcaster, ENA, will select its entry for the contest through a national final.