Title: Bertrand Russell
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bertrand_Russell
Excerpt: Bertrand Arthur William Russell, 3rd Earl Russell (18 May 1872 – 2 February 1970), was an English philosopher, logician, and social reformer.
Russell was born into the prominent Russell family, to Viscount and Viscountess Amberley. He was orphaned at the age of four and moved into Pembroke Lodge to live with his grandparents, the Earl and Countess Russell. The Earl Russell had twice been Prime Minister of the United Kingdom (1846–1852; 1865–1866) and died in 1878, leaving Russell in the care of his grandmother. He won a scholarship to Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1890 and graduated in 1893 with a Bachelor of Arts. At Cambridge, Russell was introduced to philosophy through figures such as G. E. Moore and Alfred North Whitehead. Russell also came to oppose British idealism and led the "revolt against idealism" with Moore.
Russell was one of the early 20th century's prominent logicians and a founder of analytic philosophy, along with his predecessor Gottlob Frege, his friend and colleague G. E. Moore, and his student and protégé Ludwig Wittgenstein. Russell with Moore led the British "revolt against idealism". Together with his former teacher Alfred North Whitehead, Russell wrote Principia Mathematica, a milestone in the development of classical logic and a major attempt to reduce the whole of mathematics to logic (see logicism). Russell's article "On Denoting" has been considered a "paradigm of philosophy".
Russell was a pacifist who championed anti-imperialism and chaired the England-based India League. He went to prison for his pacifism during the First World War, and he initially supported appeasing Adolf Hitler's Nazi Germany, before changing his view in 1943, describing war as a necessary "lesser of two evils". In the wake of the Second World War, he welcomed American global hegemony in preference to either Soviet hegemony or no (or ineffective) world leadership, even if it were to come at the cost of using their nuclear weapons. He later criticised Stalinist totalitarianism, condemned the United States' involvement in the Vietnam War, and became an outspoken proponent of nuclear disarmament.
In 1950, Russell was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature "in recognition of his varied and significant writings in which he champions humanitarian ideals and freedom of thought". He was also the recipient of the De Morgan Medal (1932), Sylvester Medal (1934), Kalinga Prize (1957), and Jerusalem Prize (1963).

Title: Henry David Thoreau
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Henry_David_Thoreau
Excerpt: Henry David Thoreau (born David Henry Thoreau; July 12, 1817 – May 6, 1862) was an American naturalist, essayist, poet, and philosopher. A leading transcendentalist, he is best known for his book Walden, a reflection upon simple living in natural surroundings, and his essay "Civil Disobedience" (originally published as "Resistance to Civil Government"), an argument in favor of citizen disobedience against an unjust state.
Thoreau's books, journals, and poetry amount to more than 20 volumes. Among his lasting contributions are his writings on natural history and philosophy, in which he anticipated the methods and findings of ecology and environmental history, two sources of modern-day environmentalism. His literary style interweaves close observation of nature, personal experience, pointed rhetoric, symbolic meanings, and historical lore, while displaying a poetic sensibility, philosophical austerity, and attention to practical detail. He was also deeply interested in the idea of survival in the face of hostile elements, historical change, and natural decay; at the same time he advocated abandoning waste and illusion to discover life's true essential needs.
Thoreau was a lifelong abolitionist, delivering lectures that attacked the fugitive slave law while praising the writings of Wendell Phillips and defending the abolitionist John Brown. Thoreau's philosophy of civil disobedience later influenced the political thoughts and actions of notable figures such as Leo Tolstoy, Mahatma Gandhi, and Martin Luther King Jr.
Sometimes, Thoreau is retrospectively referred to as an anarchist, but he may be more properly regarded as a proto-anarchist.

Title: United States nationality law
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_nationality_law
Excerpt: United States nationality law details the conditions in which a person holds United States nationality. In the United States, nationality is typically obtained through provisions in the U.S. Constitution, various laws, and international agreements. Citizenship is established as a right under the Constitution, not as a privilege, for those born or naturalized in the United States under its jurisdiction. While the words citizen and national are sometimes used interchangeably, national is a broader legal term, such that a person can be a national but not a citizen, while citizen is reserved to nationals who have the status of citizenship.
Individuals born in any of the fifty U.S. states, the District of Columbia or almost any inhabited territory are United States citizens (and nationals) by birthright. The sole exception is American Samoa, where individuals are typically non-citizen U.S. nationals at birth. Additionally, individuals born from foreign diplomats working in the United States are neither citizens nor nationals. Foreign nationals living in any state or qualified territory may naturalize after going through the legal process of qualifying as permanent residents and meeting a residence requirement (normally five years).

Title: George Russell (racing driver)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/George_Russell_(racing_driver)
Excerpt: George William Russell (; born 15 February 1998) is a British racing driver who competes in Formula One for Mercedes. Russell has won seven Formula One Grands Prix across eight seasons.
Born and raised in King's Lynn, Russell began competitive kart racing aged seven. After a successful karting career—culminating in back-to-back victories at the junior European Championship in 2011 and 2012—Russell graduated to junior formulae. He won his first title at the 2014 BRDC F4 Championship. He then won the 2017 GP3 Series and the 2018 FIA Formula 2 Championship back-to-back with ART, becoming the fifth driver to win the GP2/Formula 2 championship in their rookie season and the second driver to win both titles in their respective rookie seasons.
A member of the Mercedes Junior Team since 2017, Russell signed for Williams in 2019 to partner Robert Kubica, making his Formula One debut at the Australian Grand Prix. He substituted for Lewis Hamilton at the 2020 Sakhir Grand Prix for Mercedes, but was denied victory due to a team error and a puncture after leading the majority of the race. Russell scored his maiden podium at the curtailed 2021 Belgian Grand Prix with Williams. In 2022, Russell replaced Valtteri Bottas at Mercedes to partner Hamilton; in his first season, Russell achieved his maiden pole position in Hungary and his maiden win in São Paulo, finishing fourth in the World Drivers' Championship. After a winless season for Mercedes in 2023, Russell won the Austrian and Las Vegas Grands Prix in 2024, followed by the Canadian and Singapore Grands Prix in 2025; in 2024, he also became the first driver in 30 years to be disqualified from a race win. Amidst a new regulation cycle introduced for 2026, Mercedes emerged as the fastest team, with Russell winning the Australian and Austrian Grands Prix.
As of the 2026 Spanish Grand Prix, Russell has achieved 7 race wins, 11 pole positions, 12 fastest laps, and 31 podiums in Formula One. Russell is contracted to remain at Mercedes until at least the end of the 2026 season.

Title: 2023 deaths in the United States (January–March)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2023_deaths_in_the_United_States_(January%E2%80%93March)
Excerpt: The following notable deaths in the United States occurred in January–March 2023. Names are reported under the date of death, in alphabetical order as set out in WP:NAMESORT.
A typical entry reports information in the following sequence:
Name, age, country of citizenship at birth and subsequent nationality (if applicable), what subject was noted for, year of birth (if known), and reference.