Title: Raj Kapoor
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Raj_Kapoor
Excerpt: Ranbir Raj Kapoor (pronounced [raːdʒ kəˈpuːɾ]; born Shrishti Nath Kapoor; 14 December 1924 – 2 June 1988), popularly known as Raj Kapoor was an Indian actor and filmmaker who worked in Hindi cinema. He is considered to be one of the greatest and most influential actors and filmmakers in the history of Indian cinema. He has been referred to as The Greatest Showman of Indian Cinema as well as The Charlie Chaplin of Indian Cinema.
Born in Peshawar as the eldest son of Prithviraj Kapoor of the Kapoor family, Raj Kapoor starred in and produced many films for which he received multiple accolades, including three National Film Awards and 11 Filmfare Awards in India. He was inspired by Charlie Chaplin and played characters based on The Tramp in films, such as Awāra (1951), Shree 420 (1955) and Mera Naam Joker (1970). His performance in Awāra was ranked as one of the "Top-Ten Greatest Performances of All Time in World Cinema" by Time magazine in 2005. His films Awāra (1951) and Boot Polish (1954) competed for the Palme d'Or prize at the Cannes Film Festival in 1951 and 1955.
His films were global commercial successes in parts of Asia, the Middle East, the Caribbean, Africa, and the Soviet bloc. The Government of India honoured him with the Padma Bhushan in 1971 for his contributions to the arts. India's highest award in cinema, the Dadasaheb Phalke Award, was bestowed to him in 1988 by the Government of India.

Title: Kapoor family
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kapoor_family
Excerpt: The Kapoor family is a prominent Indian show business family with at least four generations of the family over 97 years being active in the Hindi film industry. Numerous members of the family, both biological and those who have married into the family, have had prolific careers as actors, film directors and producers. "The Pioneer" founder of the dynasty was "The Patriarch", Prithviraj Kapoor, who was the first member of family to begin acting in movies with his 1929 debut film Be Dhari Talwar. He was a pioneer of Indian theatre and the founding member of the Indian People's Theatre Association (IPTA). His son Raj Kapoor was the most influential actor and director in Hindi cinema. The genesis generation or the earliest linear generation of the Kapoor family tree to ever act in the films was Prithviraj Kapoor's father, Basheshwarnath Kapoor, who debuted as actor in 1951 film Awaara, which was produced, directed and starred in lead role by his grandson Raj Kapoor.
Due to their decades old participation in the Hindi film industry, the family is often called "The First Family of Bollywood". Prominent personalities related to the Kapoor family through marriage include Kumari Naaz, Jennifer Kendal, Geeta Bali, Neetu Singh, Babita, Valmik Thapar, Saif Ali Khan, Shweta Bachchan Nanda and Alia Bhatt.

Title: Nikhil Nanda
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikhil_Nanda
Excerpt: Nikhil Nanda (born 18 March 1973) is an Indian businessman, currently the Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of Escorts Kubota Limited (formerly Escorts Limited), an Indian multinational engineering conglomerate that specialises in agricultural and construction equipment and machinery. He is a third-generation entrepreneur, being the grandson of Har Prasad Nanda, who founded the company in 1944, and son of Rajan Nanda, who served as the CMD of the group until August 2018.

Title: Shweta Bachchan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shweta_Bachchan
Excerpt: Shweta Bachchan Nanda (née Bachchan, pronounced [ˈbətːʃən]; born 17 March 1974) is an Indian columnist, author, and former model . She has been a columnist for Daily News and Analysis and Vogue India, and is the author of the bestselling novel Paradise Towers. She has worked as a model for television advertisement, and in 2018 launched her own fashion label, MXS.

Title: Har Prasad Nanda
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Har_Prasad_Nanda
Excerpt: Har Prasad Nanda (9 January 1917 – 13 April 1999), also spelled Har Parshad Nanda, was an Indian automotive industrialist and the founder of Escorts Group.