Title: Richard Hell
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Hell
Excerpt: Richard Lester Meyers (born October 2, 1949), better known by his stage name Richard Hell, is an American singer, songwriter, bass guitarist and writer.
Hell was in several important early punk rock bands, including Neon Boys, Television, and the Heartbreakers, after which he formed Richard Hell & the Voidoids. Their 1977 album Blank Generation influenced many other punk bands. Its title track was named "One of the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock" by music writers in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame listing and is ranked as one of the all-time Top 10 punk songs by a 2006 poll of original British punk figures, as reported in the Rough Guide to Punk.
Since the late 1980s, Hell has devoted himself primarily to writing, publishing two novels and several other books. He was the film critic for BlackBook magazine from 2004 to 2006.

Title: Television (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Television_(band)
Excerpt: Television was an American rock band from New York City that formed in 1973. Its most prominent lineup comprised vocalist and guitarist-keyboardist Tom Verlaine, guitarist Richard Lloyd, drummer Billy Ficca, and bassist Fred Smith. An early fixture of CBGB and the 1970s New York punk rock scene, the band is considered influential in the development of punk rock and alternative rock.
Although they recorded in a stripped-down, guitar-based manner similar to their punk contemporaries, Television's music was by comparison clean, improvisational, and technically proficient, drawing influence from jazz and 1960s rock. The group's 1977 debut album, Marquee Moon, was widely acclaimed and is considered one of the defining releases of the punk era. The group released Adventure to a more muted reception the following year, after which they disbanded. They reunited in 1991 to record a self-titled album, disbanding again in 1993. Another reunion followed in 2001; they occasionally performed live from then until Verlaine's death in January 2023. The band recorded new material in the 21st century, but it has not been completed or released.

Title: Doo-wop
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doo-wop
Excerpt: Doo-wop (also spelled doowop and doo wop) is a subgenre of rhythm and blues music that originated in African-American communities during the late 1940s, mainly in the large cities of the United States, including New York City, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Chicago, Baltimore, Newark, Detroit, Washington, D.C., and Los Angeles. It features vocal group harmony that carries an engaging melodic line to a simple beat with little or no instrumentation. Lyrics are simple, usually about love, sung by a lead vocal over background vocals, and often featuring, in the bridge, a melodramatically heartfelt recitative addressed to the beloved. Harmonic singing of nonsense syllables (such as "doo-wop") is a common characteristic of these songs. Gaining popularity in the 1950s, doo-wop was commercially viable until the early 1960s and continued to influence performers in other genres.

Title: Simple Minds
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Simple_Minds
Excerpt: Simple Minds are a Scottish rock band formed in Glasgow in 1977. The band is currently a core duo of original members Jim Kerr (vocals) and Charlie Burchill (guitar), augmented by guest musicians. Notable former members include Mick MacNeil (keyboards), Derek Forbes (bass), Brian McGee (drums), Mel Gaynor (drums), and John Giblin (bass).
Initially signed to Arista Records, Simple Minds released their debut album Life in a Day in 1979 to moderate commercial success, while the following two albums, Real to Real Cacophony (1979) and Empires and Dance (1980), achieved critical praise but limited sales. After signing to Virgin Records, their fourth album, Sons and Fascination/Sister Feelings Call (1981), became their first top twenty album in the UK, beginning their rise in mainstream popularity. The following album, New Gold Dream (81/82/83/84) (1982), proved their major breakthrough, reaching the top ten in the UK, Australia, New Zealand, and Sweden, as well being their first charting album on the Billboard 200 in the US. The album also produced three UK top forty singles in "Promised You a Miracle", "Glittering Prize", and "Someone Somewhere in Summertime". 
Their next album, Sparkle in the Rain (1984), featured another hit single with "Waterfront" and continued the band's commercial prominence, debuting at number one in both the UK, where it was certified Platinum, and New Zealand. "Don't You (Forget About Me)", their contribution to the soundtrack of the 1985 film The Breakfast Club, became their breakthrough hit in the US, reaching number one on the Billboard Hot 100. The following album, Once Upon a Time (1985), reached number one in the UK and the Netherlands, the top three in Canada and New Zealand, and the top ten in the US. It was certified 3× Platinum in the UK and Gold in the US, and spawned four more hit singles with "Alive and Kicking", "Sanctify Yourself", "All the Things She Said" and "Ghostdancing". Their chart dominance continued with the album Street Fighting Years (1989), with its lead single "Belfast Child" reaching number one in the UK, Ireland and the Netherlands. After two more successful albums with Real Life (1991) and Good News from the Next World (1995), the band underwent a commercial decline in the late 1990s. They returned to chart prominence starting in the late 2000s, with albums such as Graffiti Soul (2009), Walk Between Worlds (2018) and Direction of the Heart (2022). 
Simple Minds have sold more than 60 million albums worldwide and were the most commercially successful Scottish band of the 1980s. They were awarded the Q Inspiration Award in 2014 for their contribution to the music industry and an Ivor Novello Award in 2016 for Outstanding Song Collection from the British Academy of Songwriters, Composers, and Authors (BASCA). Their other notable recognitions include nominations for both the MTV Video Music Award for Best Direction and MTV Video Music Award for Best Art Direction for "Don't You (Forget About Me)" in 1985, and a nomination for the Brit Award for British Group in 1986. "Belfast Child" was nominated for the Song of the Year at the 1990 Brit Awards.

Title: Fall Out Boy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fall_Out_Boy
Excerpt: Fall Out Boy is an American rock band formed in Wilmette, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago, in 2001. The band consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Patrick Stump, bassist Pete Wentz, guitarist Joe Trohman, and drummer Andy Hurley. The band originated from Chicago's hardcore punk scene and was formed by Wentz and Trohman as a pop-punk side project; Stump joined shortly thereafter. The group went through a succession of drummers before Hurley joined. Their debut album, Take This to Your Grave (2003), became an underground success and helped the band gain a dedicated fan base through heavy touring.
With Wentz as the band's lyricist and Stump as the primary composer, Fall Out Boy's 2005 major-label breakthrough, From Under the Cork Tree, produced two hit singles, "Sugar, We're Goin Down" and "Dance, Dance". It went double platinum, transforming the group into superstars and making Wentz a celebrity and tabloid fixture. Fall Out Boy received a Best New Artist nomination at the 2006 Grammy Awards. Infinity on High (2007) debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 with 260,000 first week sales. It produced two worldwide hit singles, "This Ain't a Scene, It's an Arms Race" and "Thnks fr th Mmrs". Their following album, Folie à Deux (2008), was a commercial disappointment and received a mixed response. Following the release of Believers Never Die – Greatest Hits in 2009, the band went on hiatus and the members worked on side projects.
The band reunited with Save Rock and Roll (2013), which became Fall Out Boy's second number-one album, and included the top 20 single "My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark (Light Em Up)". The same year, the band released the EP PAX AM Days, consisting of eight punk-influenced tracks that were recorded during a two-day session with producer Ryan Adams. The band's sixth studio album, American Beauty/American Psycho (2015) peaked at number one on the Billboard 200, and spawned the top-10 hit "Centuries" and the single "Uma Thurman" which reached No. 22 on the Billboard Hot 100. This was followed by their first remix album Make America Psycho Again, which featured remixes of all original tracks from American Beauty/American Psycho by a different artist on each song, including Migos and Wiz Khalifa.
The band's seventh studio album Mania (2018), also peaked at No. 1, making it the band's fourth No. 1 album and sixth consecutive Top 10 album. The Mania tour included a show at Wrigley Field, marking their first headlining stadium show. In 2018, Fall Out Boy also received their second Grammy nomination for Best Rock Album for Mania. On January 18, 2023, the group announced its eighth studio album, So Much (for) Stardust, which was released on March 24.