Title: Townes Van Zandt
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Townes_Van_Zandt
Excerpt: John Townes Van Zandt (March 7, 1944 – January 1, 1997) was an American singer-songwriter. He wrote numerous songs, such as "Pancho and Lefty", "If I Needed You", "Snake Mountain Blues", "Our Mother the Mountain", "Waitin' Round to Die", and "To Live's to Fly". His musical style has often been described as melancholic and features rich, poetic lyrics. During his early years, Van Zandt was respected for his guitar playing and fingerpicking ability.
Much of Van Zandt's life was spent touring bars, music clubs, colleges, folk venues, and festivals, often lodging in motel rooms or the homes of friends. He suffered from drug addiction and alcoholism, and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. When he was young, the now-discredited insulin shock therapy erased much of his long-term memory.
In 1983, Willie Nelson and Merle Haggard covered and popularized Van Zandt's song "Pancho and Lefty", reaching number one on the Billboard country music chart. Van Zandt's influence has been cited by countless artists across multiple genres and his music has been recorded or performed by Bob Dylan, Willie Nelson, Lyle Lovett, Alison Krauss, Merle Haggard, Norah Jones, Emmylou Harris, Counting Crows, Steve Earle, Colter Wall, Billy Strings, Jason Isbell, Jason Molina, Michael Weston King, Doc Watson, Cowboy Junkies, Kurt Vile, and Terry Allen.
Van Zandt died on New Year's Day 1997 at the age of 52 from cardiac arrhythmia caused by health problems stemming from years of substance abuse. A revival of interest in Van Zandt blossomed in the 2000s. The decade saw the publication of two books, a documentary film (Be Here to Love Me), and numerous magazine articles about him.

Title: Scott Walker (singer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scott_Walker_(singer)
Excerpt: Noel Scott Engel (January 9, 1943 – March 22, 2019), better known by his stage name Scott Walker, was an American-British singer-songwriter, composer, and record producer. Walker was known for his emotive baritone voice and his unorthodox career path, which took him from being a teen pop icon in the 1960s to an avant-garde musician from the 1990s to his death. Walker was most successful in the United Kingdom, where he achieved fame as a member of pop trio the Walker Brothers, who scored several hit singles during the mid-1960s, including two number-one hits on the UK singles chart with "Make It Easy on Yourself" (1965) and "The Sun Ain't Gonna Shine Anymore" (1966). He lived in the UK from 1965 onwards, and became a UK citizen in 1970.
After the Walker Brothers split in 1967, he began a solo career with the album Scott later that year. Strongly inspired by Belgian singer-songwriter Jacques Brel, Walker moved toward an increasingly challenging musical and lyrical style on the late 1960s baroque pop albums Scott 2 (1968), which reached number one in the UK; Scott 3 (1969); and Scott 4 (1969). After Scott 4 and its follow-up 'Til the Band Comes In (1970) failed commercially, Walker released a number of MOR covers albums, which he later disowned, to appease record companies. He reunited with the Walker Brothers in the mid-1970s. They achieved a top-ten single with "No Regrets" in 1975, while their final album, Nite Flights (1978), marked the beginning of Walker's move towards the avant-garde. 
During the 1980s, Walker released only one album, Climate of Hunter (1984). Its follow-up, Tilt (1995), saw his work now fully immersed in a dark and avant-garde musical and lyrical idiom. Walker progressed this style through The Drift (2006); Bish Bosch (2012); and Soused (2014), a collaboration with American drone metal band Sunn O))). The Guardian reflected on Walker's stylistic evolution in 2012: "imagine Andy Williams reinventing himself as Stockhausen". Walker also undertook several side projects during the 1990s, 2000s and 2010s, including film soundtracks and songwriting and production for other artists.
Walker continued to record until 2018, the year before his death. His 1960s recordings were highly regarded by the 1980s UK underground music scene, and gained a cult following. He was described by the BBC as "one of the most enigmatic and influential figures in rock history".

Title: List of baritones in non-classical music
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_baritones_in_non-classical_music
Excerpt: The baritone voice is typically written in the range from the second G below middle C to the G above middle C (G2–G4) although it can be extended at either end. However, the baritone voice is determined not only by its vocal range, but also by its timbre, which tends to be darker than that of the typical tenor voice.
The term baritone was developed in relation to classical and operatic voices, where the classification is based not merely on the singer's vocal range but also on the tessitura and timbre of the voice. For classical and operatic singers, their voice type determines the roles they will sing and is a primary method of categorization. In non-classical music, singers are defined by their genre and their gender and not by their vocal range. When the terms soprano, mezzo-soprano, contralto, tenor, baritone, and bass are used as descriptors of non-classical voices, they are applied more loosely than they would be to those of classical singers and generally refer only to the singer's perceived vocal range.
Successful non-classical baritones display a wide range of vocal qualities and effects that lend a unique character to their voices, many of which are considered undesirable in the operatic or classical baritone singer, such as "breathy" (Jim Reeves), "distinguished…crooner" (Ville Valo), "growling" (Neil Diamond), and even "ragged" (Bruce Springsteen).
The following is a list of singers in various music genres and styles (most of which can be found on the List of popular music genres) who have been described as baritones.