Title: La Liga
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/La_Liga
Excerpt: The Campeonato Nacional de Liga de Primera División, commonly known as the Primera División or La Liga, and officially known as LaLiga EA Sports for sponsorship reasons, is a professional association football league in Spain and the highest level of the Spanish football league system. Governed by the Liga Nacional de Fútbol Profesional, it is contested by 20 teams over 38 matchdays.
A total of 63 teams have competed in La Liga since its inception. Nine clubs have been crowned Spanish champions. Real Madrid and Barcelona have dominated the competition, with 36 and 29 titles respectively. Other successful clubs include Valencia, Atlético Madrid, Athletic Bilbao, and Real Sociedad, while Deportivo La Coruña have also won the title, reflecting a history of success across several Spanish clubs.
As of the 2024–25 season, La Liga is ranked third in the UEFA coefficient rankings based on performances in European competitions over the past five seasons, behind England's Premier League and Italy's Serie A. La Liga has led the coefficient rankings for more years than any other league and has produced the continent's top-rated club more often than any other league. Its clubs have won more UEFA Champions League (20), UEFA Europa League (14), UEFA Super Cup (17) and FIFA Club World Cup (8) titles than those of any other league, while its players have accumulated the most Ballon d'Or awards (24), The Best FIFA Men's Player awards (19) and UEFA Men's Player of the Year awards (12).
La Liga is one of the world's most popular professional sports leagues, with an average attendance of 26,933 for league matches in the 2018–19 season. This is the eighth-highest of any domestic professional sports league and the third-highest of any professional association football league, behind the Premier League and the Bundesliga. By revenue, La Liga ranks seventh among professional sports leagues worldwide, behind the NFL, MLB, the NBA, the Premier League, the NHL and the Bundesliga.

Title: Liga DIMAYOR
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liga_DIMAYOR
Excerpt: The Liga DIMAYOR, commonly referred to as Liga BetPlay Dimayor due to sponsorship by online betting company BetPlay, is a professional association football league in Colombia and the highest level of the Colombian football league system.
A total of twenty clubs compete in the league's regular season. División Mayor del Fútbol Profesional Colombiano, better known as DIMAYOR, organizes the competition and operates the league system of promotion and relegation for both Liga DIMAYOR and Torneo DIMAYOR leagues. Since its foundation in 1948, sixteen teams have been crowned as Colombian football champions. The most successful club is Atlético Nacional with 18 titles. The league was ranked as the 11th strongest national league in the world at the end of 2023 by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics.

Title: Liga TDP
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liga_TDP
Excerpt: Liga TDP is a professional association football league in Mexico and the fourth level of the Mexican football league system. Formerly known as Tercera División de México (1967–2017). The league is contested by 246 participating clubs, organized into two zones (Zona A with 136 clubs and Zona B with 110 clubs), divided into 18 groups by geographic location. The season consists of an annual tournament, and the champions are decided by a final knockout phase in each zone. The Zona A and Zona B champions compete in the national final and the winners are crowned Liga TDP champions.
The league has held 67 editions. The inaugural edition was the 1967–68 season, with Zapata crowned as the first champions.
From 1967 to 1994, it was the third level of Mexican football. The 18 groups consist of clubs eligible for four promotion spots to Liga Premier, teams affiliated with clubs from the highest levels, which are known as "filiales" are not eligible for promotion.
Fifty-nine clubs have won the title at least once. Celaya, San Luis, Tecos, Atlético Tecomán, Cuautitlán, Cihuatlán and Héroes de Zaci are the most successful clubs with two titles each.

Title: Liga MX
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liga_MX
Excerpt: Liga MX, officially as Liga BBVA MX for sponsorship reasons, is a professional association football league in Mexico and the highest level of the Mexican football league system. Formerly known as Liga Mayor (1943–1949) and Primera División de México (1949–2012), the league is contested by 18 participating clubs. The season is divided into two tournaments: Apertura (from July to December) and Clausura (from January to May). The champions of each tournament are decided by a final knockout phase, commonly known as Liguilla. Since 2020, promotion and relegation has been suspended.
The league has held 115 editions. The inaugural edition as a professional league was the 1943–44 season, with Asturias crowned as the first champions.
Liga MX currently ranks first in CONCACAF's league ranking index. According to the IFFHS, it was ranked as the 10th strongest league in the first decade of the 21st century. According to CONCACAF, the league with an average attendance of 25,557 during the 2014–15 season, draws the largest crowds on average of any football league in the Americas.
Twenty-four clubs have won the title at least once. América is the most successful club with sixteen titles, Guadalajara and Toluca with twelve titles each, Cruz Azul with ten titles, Tigres UANL and León with eight titles each.

Title: Liga 1 (Peru)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liga_1_(Peru)
Excerpt: The Liga 1 de Fútbol Profesional (English: "League 1 of Professional Football"), known as Liga 1, and Liga 1 Te Apuesto for sponsorship reasons, is a professional association football league in Peru and the top tier of the Peruvian football league system. It was referred to as the Primera División prior to 2020, and Torneo Descentralizado since 1966 until 2019, when the first teams residing outside the Lima and Callao provinces were invited to compete in the inaugural league national competition.
As of the 2026 season, the league is contested by 18 teams, operating on a system of promotion and relegation determined at the end of the season with the Liga 2. Seasons run from January to December and the league is split into two short tournaments, the Apertura and Clausura. Teams that win each short tournaments face each other in a series of play-offs to determine the league champion at the end of the season. If a team wins both the Apertura and Clausura, they are automatically champion. A total of 34 games, not including the play-offs, are played per team, 17 in both the Apertura and Clausura. 
The Peruvian Football League was founded on an amateur basis and organized in 1912 into the two tiers of Primera División and the Segunda División. Editions from 1912 to 1921 were played by clubs based in Lima and Callao. In 1922 the Peruvian Football Federation (FPF) was created and in 1926 it organized its first amateur championship. The Primera División became professional in 1951. In 1966, the first true national league was founded and continues. The league is organized by the Liga de Fútbol Profesional (English: Professional Football League) (LFP) and was formerly organized by the Asociación Deportiva de Fútbol Profesional (English: Professional Football Sport Association) (ADFP).
As of the win by current champion Universitario de Deportes in the 2025 season, the league championship has gone to 21 different clubs, though a majority (74 of 109 championships) have been won by just three clubs: Universitario de Deportes (29), Alianza Lima (25), and Sporting Cristal (20).