Title: Mike Moh
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mike_Moh
Excerpt: Michael Doughcoon Moh (born August 19, 1983) is an American actor and martial artist of Korean descent. A sixth degree black belt in American Taekwondo, Moh is perhaps best known for his roles as martial arts legend Bruce Lee in the 2019 film Once Upon a Time in Hollywood, and Ryu in the web series of Street Fighter: Assassin's Fist (2014) and Resurrection (2016) or in the FOX drama series Empire where he made a few appearances.
He also played Triton in the television series Inhumans.
Moh is also the founder of the LVLUP Martial Arts schools in Madison, Wisconsin.

Title: Once Upon a Time in Hollywood
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Hollywood
Excerpt: Once Upon a Time… in Hollywood is a 2019 comedy-drama film written and directed by Quentin Tarantino, who produced it with David Heyman and Shannon McIntosh. Produced by Columbia Pictures in association with Bona Film Group, Heyday Films, and Visiona Romantica, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing, it is a co-production between the United States, United Kingdom, and China. 
It features an ensemble cast led by Leonardo DiCaprio as Rick Dalton, an aging Western hero; Brad Pitt as his stunt double Cliff Booth; and Margot Robbie as actress Sharon Tate, wife of Roman Polanski. Set in 1969 Los Angeles, the period film follows a fading actor (DiCaprio) and his stunt double (Pitt) as they navigate the rapidly changing film industry. The threat of the Tate murders is looming.
Announced in July 2017, this is Tarantino's first film made without producers Bob and Harvey Weinstein. Tarantino ended his partnership with the brothers following the sexual abuse allegations against Harvey Weinstein. 
After a bidding war, the film was distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing, which met Tarantino's demands, including final cut privilege. Pitt, DiCaprio, Robbie, Zoë Bell, Kurt Russell and others joined the cast between January and June 2018. Principal photography lasted from June to November around Los Angeles. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is the final film to feature Luke Perry, who died on March 4, 2019; it is dedicated to his memory.
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood premiered at the Cannes Film Festival on May 21, 2019. There it was shown as a 35 mm film print. The film was released theatrically in the United States on July 26, and in the United Kingdom on August 14. It grossed over $393 million worldwide and received acclaim from critics, although historical inaccuracies and the portrayals of some artists were criticized. The National Board of Review and the American Film Institute named Once Upon a Time in Hollywood as one of the Top-10 films of 2019, and it won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy. Once Upon a Time in Hollywood was nominated for 10 awards at the 92nd Academy Awards, winning two (Best Supporting Actor for Pitt and Best Production Design), and received numerous other accolades. It has since been considered as one of the greatest films of the 2010s and 21st century. The Writers Guild of America ranked the film's screenplay the 22nd-greatest of the 21st century. Tarantino has stated that Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is his favorite film that he has made.
A novelization, written by Tarantino in his debut as an author, was published in 2021. A sequel to the film, The Further Mis-Adventures of Cliff Booth, written by Tarantino and directed by David Fincher, with Brad Pitt in the lead role, is in production and is scheduled to be released in 2026.

Title: The Last Full Measure (2019 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Last_Full_Measure_(2019_film)
Excerpt: The Last Full Measure is a 2019 American war drama film written and directed by Todd Robinson. It follows the efforts of fictional Pentagon staffer Scott Huffman and many veterans to see the Medal of Honor awarded to William H. Pitsenbarger, a United States Air Force Pararescueman who flew in helicopter rescue missions during the Vietnam War to aid downed soldiers and pilots. Based on true events, the film stars Sebastian Stan, Christopher Plummer, William Hurt, Ed Harris, Samuel L. Jackson, Jeremy Irvine, and Peter Fonda. It was the final film appearance of Fonda, who died before the film’s release; and Plummer's final on screen appearance before his death in 2021, though it had filmed prior to Knives Out, which was released before it.
Production began in the United States in March 2017, and it premiered in October 2019 in Westhampton Beach, New York. It was released in the U.S. by Roadside Attractions on January 24, 2020, and grossed $3 million against a $20 million budget. Its title is from Abraham Lincoln's Gettysburg Address, where Lincoln honored the fallen, saying that they "gave the last full measure of devotion."

Title: Blade of the 47 Ronin
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blade_of_the_47_Ronin
Excerpt: Blade of the 47 Ronin is a 2022 American action fantasy film directed by Ron Yuan and written by John Swetnam, Aimee Garcia, and AJ Mendez, and is a sequel to 47 Ronin (2013). The film takes place 300 years after its predecessor, following the fight for the survival of the final descendants of the 47 Ronin.
Blade of the 47 Ronin was released as a Netflix Original Film on October 25, 2022.

Title: Ghosted (2023 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghosted_(2023_film)
Excerpt: Ghosted is a 2023 American romantic action comedy film directed by Dexter Fletcher and written by the writing teams of Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick, and Chris McKenna and Erik Sommers, from a story by Reese and Wernick. The film stars Chris Evans, Ana de Armas, Adrien Brody, Mike Moh, Amy Sedaris, Tim Blake Nelson, Marwan Kenzari, and Anna Deavere Smith.
Organic farmer Cole falls head over heels for Sadie after spending one day together. Before they can have a second date, he inadvertently discovers she is a secret agent and suddenly they are caught up in an international adventure.
Produced by Skydance, it was released by Apple TV+ on April 21, 2023. Despite receiving generally negative reviews from critics, it became Apple TV+'s most watched film debut.