Title: The Kid (1921 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Kid_(1921_film)
Excerpt: The Kid is a 1921 American silent comedy-drama film written, produced, directed by and starring Charlie Chaplin, and features Jackie Coogan as his foundling baby, adopted son and sidekick. This was Chaplin's first feature-length film as a director. It was a huge success and was the second-highest-grossing film in 1921. Now considered one of the greatest films of the silent era, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 2011.

Title: The Man Who Laughs (1928 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Man_Who_Laughs_(1928_film)
Excerpt: The Man Who Laughs is a 1928 American synchronized sound romantic drama film directed by the German Expressionist filmmaker Paul Leni. While the film has no audible dialog, it was released with a synchronized musical score with sound effects using both sound-on-disc and sound-on-film processes. The film is an adaptation of Victor Hugo's 1869 novel of the same name, and it stars Mary Philbin as the blind Dea and Conrad Veidt as Gwynplaine. The film is known for the grotesque grin on the character Gwynplaine's face, which often leads it to be classified as a horror film.  Film critic Roger Ebert stated "The Man Who Laughs is a melodrama, at times even a swashbuckler, but so steeped in expressionist gloom that it plays like a horror film."
The Man Who Laughs is a romantic melodrama similar to films such as The Hunchback of Notre Dame.  The film was one of the earliest Universal Pictures films that made the transition from silent films to sound films using the Movietone sound system introduced by William Fox.  The film was completed in August 1927 but was set for general release as a "sound" film in October 1928 with sound effects and a musical score which included the song "When Love Comes Stealing".
The film entered the public domain in the United States in 2024.

Title: Sonic the Hedgehog 3 (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonic_the_Hedgehog_3_(film)
Excerpt: Sonic the Hedgehog 3 is a 2024 action-adventure comedy film based on the Sonic video game series. It is the third in the Sonic film series, it was directed by Jeff Fowler and written by Pat Casey, Josh Miller, and John Whittington. Jim Carrey, Ben Schwartz, Lee Majdoub,  Natasha Rothwell, Adam Pally, Shemar Moore, Colleen O'Shaughnessey, James Marsden, Tika Sumpter, and Idris Elba reprise their roles, with Krysten Ritter and Keanu Reeves joining the cast. In the film, Sonic, Tails, and Knuckles face Shadow the Hedgehog (Reeves), who allies with the mad scientists Ivo and Gerald Robotnik to pursue revenge against humanity.
Sonic the Hedgehog 3 was announced in February 2022 during ViacomCBS's investor event before the release of Sonic the Hedgehog 2, with Fowler, the producer, and the writers returning. The plot draws elements from the video games Sonic Adventure 2 (2001) and Shadow the Hedgehog (2005), becoming darker than prior installments yet mindful of fan expectations and family appeal. Among the cast, Carrey returned for his appreciation for Ivo and the financial incentive, Reeves joined as Shadow due to his natural darkness and especially his performance in the John Wick films, and Alyla Browne was cast due to her performances in several George Miller films.
Due to the 2023 SAG-AFTRA strike, filming for animated characters began in September 2023, while filming with actors began that November in London, and production ended by March 2024. Brandon Trost returned as cinematographer. Animation for the film was produced in-house and with work split across five other external vendors, in tandem with the Knuckles series, with studio ownership of the assets making this possible. Tom Holkenborg returned to compose the original score, which incorporated the Crush 40 song "Live & Learn" from Sonic Adventure 2, and the singer Jelly Roll released the original song "Run It" to support the soundtrack.
Sonic the Hedgehog 3 premiered at the Empire Leicester Square in London on December 10, 2024, and was released by Paramount Pictures in the United States on December 20. It received generally positive reviews from critics, with praise for Carrey and Reeves's performances. The film was a box office success, grossing $492 million on a budget of $122 million, becoming the highest-grossing film in the franchise, the second highest-grossing video game film at the time of release, and the tenth-highest-grossing film of the year. Carrey won Favorite Villain at the 2025 Kids' Choice Awards. Sonic the Hedgehog 4 is scheduled for March 19, 2027.

Title: The Long Walk (2025 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Long_Walk_(2025_film)
Excerpt: The Long Walk is a 2025 American dystopian survival thriller film directed by Francis Lawrence and written by JT Mollner. It is based on the 1979 novel by Stephen King. The film stars Cooper Hoffman, David Jonsson, Garrett Wareing, Tut Nyuot, Joshua Odjick, Charlie Plummer, Ben Wang, Roman Griffin Davis, Josh Hamilton, Judy Greer, and Mark Hamill.
Set in a dystopian 1970s style America, the film follows fifty boys in an annually televised competitive walking contest, meant to inspire viewers. Each boy must maintain a pace of three miles per hour (4.8 km/h) of nonstop walking for days, and failure to do so after three warnings results in death. The boy who lasts the longest wins a large cash prize and the fulfilment of one wish of his choice.
The Long Walk was released in the United States by Lionsgate on September 12, 2025. The film received positive reviews from critics and grossed $63 million on a budget of $20 million.

Title: 2026 in film
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2026_in_film
Excerpt: 2026 in film is an overview of events in the film industry scheduled to occur in 2026. Best Picture Academy Award-winners All Quiet on the Western Front and Cimarron entered the public domain this year.