Title: Kenji Mizoguchi
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenji_Mizoguchi
Excerpt: Kenji Mizoguchi (溝口 健二, Mizoguchi Kenji; 16 May 1898 – 24 August 1956) was a Japanese filmmaker who directed roughly one hundred films during his career between 1923 and 1956. His most acclaimed works include The Story of the Last Chrysanthemums (1939), The Life of Oharu (1952), Ugetsu (1953), and Sansho the Bailiff (1954), with the latter three all being awarded at the Venice International Film Festival. A recurring theme of his films was the oppression of women in historical and contemporary Japan. Together with Akira Kurosawa and Yasujirō Ozu, Mizoguchi is seen as a representative of the "golden age" of Japanese cinema.

Title: Tokyo Story
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tokyo_Story
Excerpt: Tokyo Story (Japanese: 東京物語, Hepburn: Tōkyō Monogatari) is a 1953 Japanese drama film directed by Yasujirō Ozu and starring Chishū Ryū and Chieko Higashiyama, about an aging couple who travel to Tokyo to visit their grown children.
Upon release, it did not immediately gain international recognition and was considered "too Japanese" to be marketable by Japanese film exporters. It was screened in 1957 in London, where it won the inaugural Sutherland Trophy the following year, and received praise from U.S. film critics after a 1972 screening in New York City.
Tokyo Story is widely regarded as Ozu's magnum opus and one of the greatest films in the history of cinema. It was voted the greatest film of all time in the 2012 edition of a poll of film directors by Sight and Sound magazine.

Title: Mind Game (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mind_Game_(film)
Excerpt: Mind Game (Japanese: マインド・ゲーム, Hepburn: Maindo Gēmu) is a 2004 Japanese adult-animated experimental comedy-drama film based on Robin Nishi's manga of the same name. It was planned, produced and primarily animated by Studio 4°C, and adapted and directed by Masaaki Yuasa in his directorial debut, with chief animation direction and model sheets by Yūichirō Sueyoshi, art direction by Tōru Hishiyama and groundwork and further animation direction by Masahiko Kubo.
It is unusual among features other than anthology films in using a series of disparate visual styles to tell one continuous story. As Yuasa commented in a Japan Times interview, "Instead of telling it serious and straight, I went for a look that was a bit wild and patchy. I think that Japanese animation fans today don't necessarily demand something that's so polished. You can throw different styles at them and they can still usually enjoy it."
The film was well received and has garnered a cult following, winning multiple awards worldwide, and has been praised by directors Satoshi Kon and Bill Plympton.

Title: Billie and Emma
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billie_and_Emma
Excerpt: Billie and Emma is a 2018 Filipino drama film, directed by Samantha Lee. It is an LGBTQ coming-of-age story set in the mid-1990s, and is Lee's sophomore feature film.

Title: Suna no Utsuwa (novel)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Suna_no_Utsuwa_(novel)
Excerpt: Suna no Utsuwa (砂の器), also known as Inspector Imanishi Investigates, is a mystery novel written by Seichō Matsumoto. The novel centers on senior detective Eitaro Imanishi in his efforts to unravel an unsolved murder at a Tokyo train station, while also exploring the generational differences between Japanese who lived through World War II, and the younger generation who lived primarily during the post-war era, as well as the urban, foreign-influenced avant-garde popular culture in contrast to fading traditional Japanese culture.