Title: Cast Away
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cast_Away
Excerpt: Cast Away is a 2000 American survival drama film directed and co-produced by Robert Zemeckis, written by William Broyles Jr. and starring Tom Hanks, Helen Hunt, and Nick Searcy. Hanks plays a FedEx troubleshooter who is stranded on a deserted island after his plane crashes in the South Pacific, and the plot focuses on his desperate attempts to survive and return home. Filming took place from January to March 1999, and April to May 2000.
Cast Away was released on December 22, 2000, by 20th Century Fox in the United States and Canada and by DreamWorks Pictures through United International Pictures in other territories. It grossed $429.6 million worldwide, making it the third-highest-grossing film of 2000. The film received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised the screenplay and Hanks's performance. Hanks won Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama at the 58th Golden Globe Awards and was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role at the 73rd Academy Awards.

Title: Song of the South
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_of_the_South
Excerpt: Song of the South is a 1946 American  musical film directed by Harve Foster and Wilfred Jackson, produced by Walt Disney, and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the Uncle Remus stories as adapted by Joel Chandler Harris, stars James Baskett in his final film role, and features the voices of Johnny Lee, Baskett, and Nick Stewart. The live-action/animated film takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia during the Reconstruction era, a period of American history after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery. The story follows seven-year-old Johnny (Bobby Driscoll) who is visiting his grandmother's (Lucile Watson) plantation for an extended stay. Johnny befriends Uncle Remus (Baskett), an elderly worker on the plantation, and takes joy in hearing his tales about the adventures of Br'er Rabbit (Lee), Br'er Fox, and Br'er Bear (Baskett and Stewart). Johnny learns from the stories how to cope with the challenges he is experiencing while living on the plantation.
Walt Disney had wanted to produce a film based on the Uncle Remus stories for some time. In 1939, he began negotiating with the Harris family for the film rights, and in 1944, filming for Song of the South began. The studio constructed a plantation set, for the outdoor scenes, in Phoenix, Arizona, while other scenes were filmed in Hollywood. The film is predominantly live action, but includes three animated segments, which were later released as stand-alone television features. Some scenes also feature a combination of live action with animation. Song of the South premiered in Atlanta in November 1946 and the remainder of its initial theater run was a financial success. The song  "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" won the 1947 Academy Award for Best Original Song and Baskett received an Academy Honorary Award for his performance as Uncle Remus.
Since its initial release the film has attracted controversy, with critics characterizing its portrayal of African Americans and plantation life as racist. As a result of the film's controversial legacy, Disney has not released Song of the South on any home video format in the United States, and the film has never been available on its streaming platform Disney+. Some of the musical and animated sequences have been released through other means, and the full film has seen home video distribution in other countries. The cartoon characters from the film continued to appear in a variety of books, comics, and other Disney media for many decades after the film's release. The theme park ride Splash Mountain, located at Tokyo Disneyland and formerly located at Disneyland and Magic Kingdom, is based on the film's animated sequences.

Title: Song to Song
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_to_Song
Excerpt: Song to Song is a 2017 American experimental romantic drama film written and directed by Terrence Malick and starring an ensemble cast including Rooney Mara, Ryan Gosling, Michael Fassbender, Natalie Portman, and Cate Blanchett. It is about finding love, obsession and betrayal in the Austin, Texas music world.
After a lengthy post-production period of over three years, the film had its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 10, 2017, and was released in the United States on March 17, 2017, by Broad Green Pictures. Critical reception for the film was mixed.

Title: Power Ballad (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_Ballad_(film)
Excerpt: Power Ballad is a 2026 musical comedy drama film directed by John Carney, written by Carney and Peter McDonald, and starring Paul Rudd, Nick Jonas, Havana Rose Liu, and Jack Reynor. The film follows wedding singer Rick (Rudd) who bonds with former boy-band member Danny (Jonas); when Danny uses Rick's song to reignite his own solo career, Rick sets out for the recognition he believes he deserves.
Power Ballad had its world premiere at the Dublin International Film Festival on March 1, 2026, and was released in select theaters on May 29, before expanding wide on June 5. The film received positive reviews from critics, praising the performances of Rudd and Jonas.

Title: Ananthan Kaadu
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ananthan_Kaadu
Excerpt: Ananthan Kaadu (transl. The Forest of Anantha; referring to the historical name of Thiruvananthapuram) is a 2026 Indian period political action thriller film written by Murali Gopy and directed by Jiyen Krishnakumar. Featuring dialogue in both Malayalam and Tamil, the film stars Arya in the lead role alongside an ensemble cast including Regena Cassandrra, Nikhila Vimal, Sunil, Indrans, and Dev Mohan. It is produced by S. Vinod Kumar under the Mini Studio banner and presented by Sree Gokulam Movies.
This movie was Arya's comeback in Malayalam after seven years. The film has received mixed reviews from critics and audience.