Title: Richard Hell
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Hell
Excerpt: Richard Lester Meyers (born October 2, 1949), better known by his stage name Richard Hell, is an American singer, songwriter, bass guitarist and writer.
Hell was in several important early punk rock bands, including Neon Boys, Television, and the Heartbreakers, after which he formed Richard Hell & the Voidoids. Their 1977 album Blank Generation influenced many other punk bands. Its title track was named "One of the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock" by music writers in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame listing and is ranked as one of the all-time Top 10 punk songs by a 2006 poll of original British punk figures, as reported in the Rough Guide to Punk.
Since the late 1980s, Hell has devoted himself primarily to writing, publishing two novels and several other books. He was the film critic for BlackBook magazine from 2004 to 2006.

Title: Cherie Currie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cherie_Currie
Excerpt: Cherie Currie (born November 30, 1959) is an American singer, musician, actress, and artist. Currie was the lead vocalist of the Runaways, a rock band from Los Angeles, in the mid-to-late 1970s. She later became a solo artist. Currie and her identical twin sister, Marie Currie, released the album Messin' With The Boys in 1980 as Cherie & Marie Currie. Their duet "Since You Been Gone" reached number 95 on US charts. She is also known for her role in the 1980 film Foxes.

Title: Spray (duo)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spray_(duo)
Excerpt: Spray is a synth-pop duo from Preston, Lancashire, England, consisting of siblings Jenny McLaren and Ricardo Autobahn. Following the demise of their previous band, the Cuban Boys (famous for their Hampster Dance record and John Peel sessions), McLaren and Autobahn released the album Living In Neon on Ninthwave Records in the United States. This was followed in 2003 by the extended single "I Am Gothic". A new album, Children of a Laser God was released online in 2006, along with the single "Run With Us", a cover of the theme tune of the popular 1980's cartoon The Raccoons with the "Michael Trenfield" remix as the main single accompanied with the original version and remixes from JKZ, Absorb, FMU and Diskowarp.
After a hiatus, the duo returned in 2010 with the single "Everything's Better With Muppets", accompanied by a popular YouTube video containing excerpts from The Muppet Show lipsynching with the song.
Amongst other projects, Spray were partially responsible for the 2002 remake of Rhinestone Cowboy by Rikki & Daz, top 40 kids band the Barndance Boys, and "The Woah Song" by DJ Daz (Daz Sampson). McLaren has a successful sideline in vocalising club/dance records, and Autobahn in soundtracks and commercials. The band has also had one of their singles, "I Am Gothic", appear in the Xbox game Dance Dance Revolution Ultramix 3.
Spray's 2016 release, Enforced Fun, released on the Banoffeesound label, featured narration on its opening track "The Prologue" by actress and singer Jane Badler and collaborations on other tracks with artists like Kid Kasio and Hyperbubble.  A version available by electronic download through Bandcamp included instrumental versions of the tracks and a bumper sticker. Their fourth album Failure Is Inevitable was released in May 2019 on Analogue Trash, as was 2021's Ambiguous Poems About Death and 2023's album of cover versions Songs Already Sung.

Title: Neon Park
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neon_Park
Excerpt: Neon Park (born Martin Muller, December 28, 1940 – September 1, 1993) was an American artist, comics artist and illustrator, best known for the images that have strongly defined covers for nearly every Little Feat album except for the band's self-titled first album. He also created the cover of Weasels Ripped My Flesh for Frank Zappa, as well as covers and graphics for David Bowie, Dr. John, and the Beach Boys. Illustrations for Playboy, National Lampoon, Glass Eye, and DreamWorks are also among his claims to fame. Park's work was noted for its surreal images and frequent use of anthropomorphic duck characters, inspired by Carl Barks.
Park met his second wife, filmmaker and painter Chick Strand, during the early sixties Berkeley scene. They were collaborators in art and life for over 30 years, dividing their time between Los Angeles and San Miguel de Allende, a small town in Mexico, an influence seen in his later works.
In 1983, Park began to notice numbness in his hands. His physical condition worsened over several years. After many tests and operations, he was diagnosed in 1992 with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's disease. His response to the doctor who told him he had the disease was, "I never even played baseball." ALS is a degenerative disease with no treatment available, and doctors estimated a two-year survival time. He continued to work, but as his illness advanced he could no longer paint, so he concentrated on writing poetry, typing with one finger when he could no longer hold a pen.
He died in 1993.

Title: Neon Rainbow
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neon_Rainbow
Excerpt: "Neon Rainbow" is a song written by Wayne Carson Thompson and made famous by Memphis blue-eyed soul band The Box Tops.