Title: Rulon Gardner
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rulon_Gardner
Excerpt: Rulon Ellis Gardner (born August 16, 1971) is an American retired Greco-Roman wrestler. He won the gold medal at the 2000 Olympic Games, defeating Russia's three-time reigning Olympic gold medalist Aleksandr Karelin in the final; Karelin was previously unbeaten for 13 years in international competition. Gardner won a bronze medal at the 2004 Games. In 2010, he was inducted into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame as a Distinguished Member.

Title: Australia at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Australia has sent athletes to every Summer Olympic Games, as well as every Winter Olympic Games except 1924–32 and 1948. In 1908 and 1912, Australia competed with New Zealand under the name Australasia.

Title: China at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/China_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: The People's Republic of China (commonly known as China)'s participation in the Olympic games is relatively recent. Largely due to the Cultural Revolution and the International Olympic Committee's recognition of the Republic of China, The People's Republic of China did not participate in the Olympics for over 20 years; recognition of the Chinese Olympic Committee—or CHN—did not happen until 1979. The People's Republic of China sent its first full athletic delegation to the Summer Olympic Games in the 1984 Summer Olympics which was held in Los Angeles, United States.
As of 2026, China has finished at 1st place in the Summer Olympics once, at 2nd place four times, and 3rd place twice. It has won a total of 330 gold medals, 262 silver medals and 227 bronze medals over the course of 13 Olympic games.
With the nation's 12th appearance at the Summer and 13th appearance at the Winter Olympics, China is the most successful country overall in the Asia–Oceania region, making them the 3rd most successful country in Olympic history, after the United States and the Soviet Union.

Title: Canada at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Canada has sent athletes to every Winter Olympic Games and every Summer Olympic Games since its debut at the 1900 games with the exception of the 1980 Summer Olympics, which it boycotted along with the US and other countries. Canada has won at least one medal at every Olympics in which it has competed.  The Canadian Olympic Committee (COC) is the National Olympic Committee for Canada.
At the 2010 Winter Olympics, Canada would win more gold medals than any other competing nation for the first time. Canada also served as the host nation of the 2010 Winter Olympics, with the games taking place in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Title: Pakistan at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pakistan_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: The Pakistan Olympic Association was created in 1948, while the Pakistan Sports Board was established in 1962.
Pakistan first participated in the Olympic Games in 1948 in London, and has sent athletes to compete in every Summer Olympic Games since then, except for the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics in the Soviet Union. It has participated in every Winter Olympic Games since the 2010 Vancouver Olympics, when alpine skier Mohammad Abbas became the first Pakistani athlete to qualify for a Winter Olympics event.
Pakistani athletes have won a total of 11 medals, all in the Summer Olympics, including 4 gold medals. Pakistan's men's field hockey team won eight medals in the nine games it participated in between 1956 and 1992. This included a run of 5 consecutive finals between 1956 and 1972, where the hockey team won 2 gold and 3 silver medals in quick succession.
Arshad Nadeem is the only Pakistani athlete to have won an individual Olympic gold medal and set an Olympic record.