Title: Arnold Rothstein
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arnold_Rothstein
Excerpt: Arnold Rothstein (January 17, 1882 – November 6, 1928), nicknamed "The Brain", was an American racketeer, gangster, businessman and gambler who became a kingpin of the Jewish Mob in New York City. Rothstein was widely reputed to have organized corruption in professional athletics, including conspiring to fix the 1919 World Series. He was also a mentor of future crime bosses Lucky Luciano, Meyer Lansky, Frank Costello, Bugsy Siegel and numerous others.
Rothstein is credited with "transform[ing] organized crime from a thuggish activity by hoodlums into a big business run like a corporation," gaining notoriety as the person who first realized the lucrative opportunities afforded by Prohibition and "understood the truths of early 20th century capitalism (giving people what they want) and came to dominate them." His notoriety inspired several fictional characters based on his life, portrayed in contemporary and later forms of media, including the character Meyer Wolfshiem in F. Scott Fitzgerald's novel The Great Gatsby (1925).
Rothstein refused to pay a large debt resulting from a fixed poker game and was murdered in 1928. His illegal empire was broken up and distributed among a number of other underworld organizations, which led in part to the downfall of New York State's Tammany Hall political machine and the rise of reformer Fiorello La Guardia.

Title: Annie Duke
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annie_Duke
Excerpt: Anne LaBarr Duke (née Lederer; born September 13, 1965) is an American former professional poker player and author in cognitive-behavioral decision science and decision education. She holds a World Series of Poker (WSOP) gold bracelet from 2004 and used to be the leading money winner among women in WSOP history; she remains in the top five as of April 2023, despite having retired from poker and last cashing at a tournament in 2010.  Duke won the 2004 World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions and the National Heads-Up Poker Championship in 2010. She has written a number of instructional books for poker players, including Decide to Play Great Poker and The Middle Zone, as well as an autobiography, How I Raised, Folded, Bluffed, Flirted, Cursed, and Won Millions at the World Series of Poker, in 2005.  Duke authored two books on decision-making, Thinking in Bets: Making Smarter Decisions When You Don't Have All the Facts, and How to Decide: Simple Tools for Making Better Choices.
Duke co-founded the non-profit Ante Up for Africa with actor Don Cheadle in 2007 to benefit charities working in African nations, and has raised money for other charities and non-profits through playing in and hosting charitable poker tournaments. She has been involved in advocacy on a number of poker-related issues including advocating for the legality of online gambling and for players' rights to control their own image. Duke was co-founder, executive vice president, and commissioner of the Epic Poker League from 2011 to 2012.

Title: Jeffrey Pollack
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Pollack
Excerpt: Jeffrey Pollack (born c. 1965) is an American sports executive and business consultant. After a brief career in politics, Pollack moved into the industry of sports business where he's held executive roles with the NBA, NASCAR, World Series of Poker, Professional Bull Riders, Los Angeles Chargers and XFL.
Pollack was listed as one of Sports Business Journal's "40 Under 40" and was named twice to The Sporting News 100. He has also won two Emmy Awards. Pollack is married, and resides in both Los Angeles and Las Vegas. His half-brother is Gary Bettman, the Commissioner of the National Hockey League.
In 2011, Pollack launched Federated Sports+Gaming (FS+G) and the Epic Poker League. In early 2015, Pollack was hired as special adviser to the former San Diego Chargers. On January 22, 2019, Pollack was named as the President & Chief Operating Officer of the XFL.

Title: Epic Poker League
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Epic_Poker_League
Excerpt: The Epic Poker League was a series of poker tournaments which took place in 2011, organised by Federated Sports + Gaming. Former World Series of Poker commissioner Jeffrey Pollack served as Executive Chairman,  professional poker player Annie Duke was Commissioner, and Matt Savage was Tournament Director. The three events held took place at the Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas, Nevada. Season One received television coverage on CBS and Velocity Network.
The League was exclusionary in that it was only open to poker players who met certain qualification criteria for multimillion-dollar lifetime earnings, multiple wins and/or cashes at high level tournaments, and who were supposed to maintain adherence to a specifically defined Code of Conduct.
On 29 February 2012, Federated Sports + Gaming announced that it had filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. The Epic Poker League brand was among the assets acquired by Pinnacle Entertainment, Inc., at a bankruptcy auction in June 2012.

Title: Global Poker Index
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Poker_Index
Excerpt: The Global Poker Index (GPI) is a leaderboard index that ranks over 450,000 live tournament poker players in the world. The GPI poker rankings are updated on a weekly basis. Players’ performances are assessed by their finishing positions in poker tournaments occurring over six periods of six months (3 years).
The Global Poker Index uses data from the biggest poker database The Hendon Mob, known for collecting results of tournaments around the world and for being the reference in tournament results. They currently host results for over 325,000 poker tournaments.
The index is used in famous newspapers along with sports results to communicate poker rankings, both on the online and print version.