Title: 2000s
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2000s
Excerpt: The 2000s (pronounced "two-thousands"; shortened to the '00s) was the decade that began on January 1, 2000, and ended on December 31, 2009.
During this decade, the world population grew from 6.1 to 6.9 billion people. Approximately 1.35 billion people were born, and 550 million people died. The early part of the decade saw the long-predicted breakthrough of economic giants in Asia, like India and China, which had double-digit growth during nearly the whole decade. These two most populous countries became an increasing economic force. The rapid catching-up of emerging economies with developed countries sparked protectionist tensions during the period and was partly responsible for an increase in energy and food prices at the end of the decade. The economic developments towards the end of the decade were dominated by a worldwide economic downturn, which started with the crisis in housing and credit in the US in 2007 and led to the bankruptcy of major banks and other financial institutions. The outbreak of the 2008 financial crisis sparked the Great Recession, beginning in the United States and affecting most of the industrialized world.
The decade saw the rise of the Internet, which grew from covering 7% to 26% of the world population. This contributed to globalization, which allowed faster communication among people around the world; social networking sites arose as a new way for people to stay in touch from distant locations, as long as they had internet access. Myspace was the most popular social networking website until June 2009, when Facebook overtook it in number of American users. Email continued to be popular and began to replace "snail mail" as the primary way of sending messages to people. Google, YouTube, Ask.com and Wikipedia emerged to become among the top 10 most popular websites. Amazon overtook eBay as the most-visited e-commerce site in 2008. AOL significantly declined in popularity throughout the decade, falling from being the most popular website to no longer being within the top 10. Excite and Lycos fell outside the top 10, and MSN fell from second to sixth. Yahoo! maintained relatively stable popularity, remaining the most popular website for most of the decade.
The war on terror and War in Afghanistan began after the September 11 attacks in 2001. The International Criminal Court was formed in 2002. In 2003, a United States-led coalition invaded Iraq, and the Iraq War led to the end of Saddam Hussein's rule as Iraqi President and the Ba'ath Party. Al-Qaeda and affiliated Islamist militant groups performed terrorist acts throughout the decade. The Second Congo War, the deadliest conflict since World War II, ended in 2003. Further wars that ended included the Algerian Civil War, the Angolan Civil War, the Sierra Leone Civil War, the Second Liberian Civil War, the Nepalese Civil War, and the Sri Lankan Civil War. Wars that began included the conflict in the Niger Delta, the Houthi insurgency, and the Mexican drug war.
Climate change and global warming became common concerns in the 2000s. Prediction tools made significant progress, UN-sponsored organizations such as the IPCC gained influence, and studies such as the Stern Review influenced public support for paying the political and economic costs of countering climate change. The global temperature kept climbing during the decade. In December 2009, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) announced that the 2000s may have been the warmest decade since records began in 1850, with four of the five warmest years since 1850 having occurred in this decade. The WMO's findings were later echoed by the NASA and the NOAA. Major natural disasters included Cyclone Nargis in 2008 and earthquakes in Pakistan and China in 2005 and 2008, respectively. The deadliest natural disaster and most powerful earthquake of the 21st century occurred in 2004 when a 9.1–9.3 Mw earthquake and its subsequent tsunami struck multiple nations in the Indian Ocean, killing 230,000 people.
Usage of computer-generated imagery became more widespread in films produced during the 2000s, especially with the success of 2001's Shrek and 2003's Finding Nemo, the latter becoming the best-selling DVD of all time. Anime films gained more exposure outside Japan with the release of Spirited Away. 2009's Avatar became the highest-grossing film. Documentary and mockumentary films, such as March of the Penguins, Super Size Me, Borat and Surf's Up, were popular in the 2000s. 2004's Fahrenheit 9/11 by Michael Moore was the highest grossing documentary of all time. Online films became popular, and conversion to digital cinema started. Video game consoles released in this decade included the PlayStation 2, Xbox, GameCube, Wii, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360; while portable video game consoles included the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS and PlayStation Portable. Wii Sports was the decade's best-selling console video game, while New Super Mario Bros. was the decade's best-selling portable video game. J. K. Rowling was the best-selling author thanks to the Harry Potter book series, although she did not pen the best-selling individual book, being second to The Da Vinci Code. Eminem was named the music artist of the decade by Billboard.

Title: Zlatan Ibrahimović
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zlatan_Ibrahimovi%C4%87
Excerpt: Zlatan Ibrahimović (born 3 October 1981) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a striker. He is known for his acrobatic strikes and volleys, technique, ball control, and physical dominance. Ibrahimović is regarded as one of the greatest strikers of all time and is one of the most decorated footballers in the world, having won 34 trophies in his career. He scored over 570 career goals, including more than 500 club goals, and scored in four consecutive decades between the 1990s and the 2020s.
Ibrahimović began his senior career with Malmö FF in 1999 before joining Ajax in 2001, where he won two Eredivisie titles. His emergence as a promising young player earned him a transfer to Italian club Juventus in 2004. In 2006, he joined Inter Milan, winning three consecutive Serie A titles, before making a high-profile move to Barcelona in 2009. He returned to Italy with AC Milan after a single season and won the Serie A title in his first season. In 2012, he joined French club Paris Saint-Germain, where he helped establish the club's domestic dominance, winning four consecutive Ligue 1 titles, finishing as the top scorer in Ligue 1 on three occasions, and becoming PSG's all-time leading goalscorer at the time of his departure. During Ibrahimović's time in Italy and France, he won the Serie A Footballer of the Year and the Ligue 1 Player of the Year three times each.  
In 2016, Ibrahimović joined Manchester United on a free transfer, re-uniting with José Mourinho and winning the EFL Cup and UEFA Europa League in his first season. After recovering from a serious knee injury, Ibrahimović joined MLS club LA Galaxy in March 2018. In the United States, he earned multiple individual accolades and was frequently mentioned in media. In January 2020, he returned to AC Milan and played a key role in reviving the Italian club, winning his fifth Serie A title in 2022. He announced his retirement at the end of the 2022–23 season.  
Ibrahimović is one of eleven players to have made 100 or more appearances for the Sweden national team, over a 20-year international career. He is the country's all-time leading goalscorer with 62 goals. He represented Sweden at the 2002 and 2006 FIFA World Cups, as well as the 2004, 2008, 2012, and 2016 UEFA European Championships. He has been awarded Guldbollen (the Golden Ball), given to the Swedish player of the year, a record 12 times, including 10 consecutive from 2007 to 2016. Ibrahimović's 35-yard bicycle kick goal for Sweden against England won the 2013 FIFA Puskás Award and is considered one of the best goals of all time. He has scored other memorable goals, most notably in the European Championships.
Ibrahimović was named in the FIFA FIFPro World XI in 2013 and the UEFA Team of the Year in 2007, 2009, 2013, and 2014. He finished at a peak of fourth for the FIFA Ballon d'Or in 2013. In 2015, UEFA included him as one of the best players that have not won the UEFA Champions League, while in 2019, FourFourTwo magazine named him the sixth-greatest player never to win the competition. In December 2014, Swedish newspaper Dagens Nyheter ranked him the second-greatest Swedish sportsperson ever, after tennis player Björn Borg. Off the field, Ibrahimović is known for his brash persona and outspoken comments, which often involve talking about himself in the third person. He has attained cult status among football fans, in equal parts due to his generational talent and charisma.

Title: List of multi-sport events
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_multi-sport_events
Excerpt: A multi-sport event is an organized sporting event, often held over multiple days, featuring competition in many different sports between organized teams of athletes from (mostly) nation-states. Events are typically held over a few days to accommodate the large number of events held, often more than those in single-sport competitions. The first major, modern, multi-sport event of international significance was the modern Olympic Games. Some of the most recognised sporting events in the world today are multi-sport events – the Asian Games, the Commonwealth Games, the Pan American Games and the Mediterranean Games – among others. This article lists all major multi-sport events, whether defunct or functioning, in the modern day. A full listing of all major multi-sport events is provided in the table below.
Transnational multi-sport events are often organised across concords of cultural elements between nations. These include language, such as the Francophone Games for French-speaking nations; ethnic, such as the Maccabiah Games for Jewish athletes; political, such as the Spartakiad used to oppose the Olympics; occupation, such as the Universiade for university students; and gender, such as World Outgames for the gay community. Participation is also delineated across other lines including region, religion, age, and season (winter instead of summer). A number of multi-sport events are held within nations, where athletes representing various intra-national states or districts compete against each other; these include the Thailand National Games and the National Games of China. These differences in intended audiences are highlighted in the table.

Title: List of events at Soldier Field
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_events_at_Soldier_Field
Excerpt: Soldier Field is a stadium that opened in 1924. It has primarily served as the home field of the Chicago Bears professional football club for over four decades, but it also hosted numerous other events in its more than 100 years of existence.

Title: List of LGBTQ firsts by year (2010s)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_LGBTQ_firsts_by_year_(2010s)
Excerpt: This list of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) firsts by year denotes pioneering LGBTQ endeavors of the 2010s organized chronologically.