Title: Japan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Japan
Excerpt: Japan is an island country in East Asia. Located in the Pacific Ocean off the northeast coast of the Asian mainland, it is bordered to the west by the Sea of Japan, the Sea of Okhotsk in the north, and the East China Sea in the south. The Japanese archipelago consists of four major islands alongside over 14,000 smaller islands. Japan is divided into 47 administrative prefectures and eight traditional regions, and around 75% of its terrain is mountainous and heavily forested, concentrating its agriculture and highly urbanized population along its eastern coastal plains. With a population of almost 123 million as of 2026, it is the world's 11th most populous country. Tokyo is the country's capital and largest city.
The first known habitation of the archipelago dates to the Upper Paleolithic, with the beginning of the Japanese Paleolithic dating to c. 36,000 BC. Between the 4th and 6th centuries, its kingdoms were united under an emperor in Nara and later in Heian-kyō. From the 12th century, actual power was held by military aristocrats known as shōgun and feudal lords called daimyō, enforced by warrior nobility named samurai. After rule by the Kamakura and Ashikaga shogunates and a century of warring states, Japan was unified in 1600 by the Tokugawa shogunate, which implemented an isolationist foreign policy. In 1853, an American fleet forced Japan to open trade to the West, which led to the end of the shogunate and the restoration of imperial power in 1868.
The Meiji period saw Japan pursue rapid industrialization, modernization, militarism, and overseas colonization. Declaring itself an imperial power in 1889 with the promulgation of the Meiji Constitution, it annexed Taiwan in 1895, followed by Korea in 1910. In 1937, Japan invaded China and attacked the U.S. and European colonial powers in 1941, thus entering World War II as an Axis power. After being defeated in the Pacific War and suffering the U.S. atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, Japan surrendered in 1945 and came under Allied occupation until 1952. It underwent rapid economic growth in the following decades and became one of the first major non-NATO allies of the U.S. Since the collapse of the Japanese asset price bubble in the early 1990s, it has experienced a prolonged period of economic stagnation referred to as the Lost Decades.
Japan is a constitutional monarchy with a bicameral legislature known as the National Diet. Widely considered a great power and the only Asian member of the G7, it maintains one of the world's strongest militaries but has constitutionally renounced its right to declare war. A developed country with one of the world's largest economies by nominal GDP, it is a global leader in the automotive, electronics, and robotics industries, in addition to making significant contributions to science and technology. It has one of the world's highest life expectancies, but is undergoing a population decline. The culture of Japan is well known around the world, particularly its popular culture as expressed in animation, art, comics, cuisine, fashion, films, music, television, theater, and video games.

Title: Harsh noise
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harsh_noise
Excerpt: Harsh noise is a subgenre of noise music that emerged in the early 1980s, originating from the Kansai no wave movement and later Japanoise, primarily through acts such as Merzbow, Hijokaidan, Hanatarash, C.C.C.C. and Incapacitants, and was further developed by the European power electronics scene and American noise musicians such as the Haters, Daniel Menche, and Richard Ramirez.

Title: Great Wall of China
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Wall_of_China
Excerpt: The Great Wall of China is a series of fortifications in China. They were built across the historical northern borders of ancient Chinese states and Imperial China as protection against various nomadic groups from the Eurasian Steppe. The first walls date to the 7th century BC; these were joined together in the Qin dynasty. Successive dynasties expanded the wall system; the best-known sections were built by the Ming dynasty (1368–1644).
To aid in defense, the Great Wall utilized watchtowers, troop barracks, garrison stations, signaling capabilities through the means of smoke or fire, and its status as a transportation corridor. Other purposes of the Great Wall have included border controls (allowing control of immigration and emigration, and the imposition of duties on goods transported along the Silk Road), and the regulation of trade. 
The collective fortifications constituting the Great Wall stretch from Liaodong in the east to Lop Lake in the west, and from the present-day Sino-Russian border in the north to Tao River in the south: an arc that roughly delineates the edge of the Mongolian steppe, spanning 21,196.18 km (13,170.70 mi) in total. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and was voted one of the New 7 Wonders of the World in 2007. Today, the defensive system of the Great Wall is recognized as one of the most impressive architectural feats in history.

Title: Namako wall
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Namako_wall
Excerpt: Namako wall or Namako-kabe (sometimes misspelled as Nameko) is a Japanese wall design widely used for vernacular houses, particularly on fireproof storehouses by the latter half of the Edo period. The namako wall is distinguished by a white grid pattern on black slate. Geographically, it was most prominent in parts of western Japan, notably the San'in region and San'yō region and, from the 19th century, further east, in the Izu Peninsula.

Title: Off the Wall
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Off_the_Wall
Excerpt: Off the Wall is the fifth studio album by the American singer Michael Jackson, released on August 10, 1979, by Epic Records. It was Jackson's first album released through Epic Records, and the first produced by Quincy Jones, whom he previously collaborated with while working on the 1978 film The Wiz. Off the Wall was crafted from disco, pop, funk, R&B, soft rock and Broadway ballads. Its lyrical themes include escapism, liberty, hedonism and romance. The album features songwriting contributions from Stevie Wonder, Paul McCartney, Rod Temperton, Tom Bahler, and David Foster, alongside three tracks penned by Jackson himself.
Before recording his next album, Jackson desired to create a record showcasing creative freedom and individualism for the first time. Off the Wall was widely branded as a reintroduction for him. It became Jackson's highest charting on the Billboard Top LPs & Tape chart, staying in the Top 10 for over 8 months. It was also number 1 on the Top Black Albums chart for 16 weeks and was the best-selling album of 1980 in the US. The album has retrospectively been hailed as a landmark release of the disco era.
Five singles were released from Off the Wall, two of which were Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles: "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough" and "Rock with You". Another two, "Off the Wall" and "She's Out of My Life", were Top 10 hits; this made Jackson the first solo artist to have four Top 10 hits on the Hot 100 from one album. The album was controversially nominated for just two Grammy Awards, with Jackson winning Best R&B Vocal Performance, Male, for "Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough". It won Favorite Soul/R&B Album at both the 1980 and 1981 American Music Awards.
Off the Wall received widespread critical acclaim, with it being credited as a significant departure from Jackson's previous work for Motown and hailed as a major breakthrough for him. It has sold over 20 million copies worldwide, making it one of the best-selling albums of all time. In 2025, it was certified diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America. The album continues to be lauded as one of the greatest albums in popular music, with some critics praising it as Jackson's magnum opus. In 2008, it was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.