Title: Barbra Streisand
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbra_Streisand
Excerpt: Barbara Joan "Barbra" Streisand ( STRY-sand; born April 24, 1942) is an American singer, songwriter, actress, author, and filmmaker. Over a career spanning more than six decades, she has achieved success across multiple fields of entertainment, and has earned all four of the major performing art awards—Emmy, Grammy, Oscar, and Tony (EGOT).
Streisand began performing in the early 1960s in nightclubs and Broadway theaters, which led to guest appearances on various television shows. Signing with Columbia Records, Streisand retained full artistic control of her performances in exchange for accepting lower pay—an arrangement that continued throughout her career. Her studio debut The Barbra Streisand Album (1963) won the Grammy Award for Album of the Year. During her recording career, Streisand has amassed a total of 31 RIAA platinum-certified albums, including People (1964), The Way We Were (1974), Guilty (1980), The Broadway Album (1985), and Higher Ground (1997). She was the first woman to score 11 number one albums on the US Billboard 200—from People to Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway (2016)—and remains the only artist to top the chart in six decades. Streisand also topped the US Billboard Hot 100 with five singles: "The Way We Were", "Evergreen", "You Don't Bring Me Flowers", "No More Tears (Enough Is Enough)", and "Woman in Love".
In the latter 1960s, after having established success as a vocalist, Streisand ventured into film. She starred in the critically acclaimed Funny Girl (1968), winning the Academy Award for Best Actress. Additional fame on the big screen followed with the extravagant musical Hello, Dolly! (1969), the screwball comedy What's Up, Doc? (1972), and the romantic drama The Way We Were (1973). Streisand won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for writing the love theme from A Star Is Born (1976), the first woman to be honored as a composer. With the release of Yentl (1983), Streisand became the first woman to write, produce, direct, and star in a major studio film. The film won an Oscar for Best Original Score and a Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture Musical. Streisand also received the Golden Globe Award for Best Director, becoming the first (and for 37 years, the only) woman to win that award. Streisand then produced and directed The Prince of Tides (1991), and The Mirror Has Two Faces (1996).
With sales exceeding 150 million records worldwide, Streisand is one of the best-selling recording artists of all time. According to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), she is the third-highest certified female artist in the United States, with 68.5 million certified album units. Billboard ranked Streisand as the greatest solo artist on the Billboard 200 chart, as well as the top Adult Contemporary female artist of all time. Her accolades span ten Grammy Awards, including the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award and the Grammy Legend Award; nine Golden Globe Awards; five Emmy Awards; four Peabody Awards; two Academy Awards; the Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award; the Honorary Palme d'Or; and the Presidential Medal of Freedom.

Title: Jason Gould
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jason_Gould
Excerpt: Jason Emanuel Gould (; born December 29, 1966) is an American actor and singer.

Title: Happy Days Are Here Again
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Happy_Days_Are_Here_Again
Excerpt: "Happy Days Are Here Again" is a 1929 song with music by Milton Ager and lyrics by Jack Yellen. It was originally published by Ager, Yellen, and Bornstein. The song is a standard that has been interpreted by various artists.
It appeared in the 1930 film Chasing Rainbows and was the campaign song for Franklin D. Roosevelt's 1932 presidential campaign. It is the unofficial anthem of Roosevelt's Democratic Party. Its copyright was renewed in 1956, so it entered the American public domain on January 1, 2025. 
The song is number 47 on the Recording Industry Association of America's list of "Songs of the Century".
In 1986 it received an ASCAP Award for 'Most Performed Feature Film Standards on TV'.

Title: William Wyler filmography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Wyler_filmography
Excerpt: William Wyler was a Swiss-German-American director and producer.
He is regarded as one of the most distinguished and versatile filmmakers for Classical Hollywood cinema, directing films  during the silent era as well as the sound era, and in both black-and-white and technicolor film.
His most notable works include the war films Mrs. Miniver (1942), The Best Years of Our Lives (1946), and the biblical epic Ben-Hur (1959), all three went on to receive the Academy Award for Best Picture. He's also known for directing the drama Dodsworth (1936) with Walter Huston, the drama Jezebel (1938) with Bette Davis, the romance Wuthering Heights (1939) starring Laurence Olivier, the period drama The Little Foxes (1941) starring Bette Davis, romance drama The Heiress (1949) starring Olivia de Havilland, the romantic comedy Roman Holiday (1953) starring Audrey Hepburn and Gregory Peck, the western epic The Big Country (1958) starring Peck and Charlton Heston, the heist comedy How to Steal a Million (1966) starring Hepburn and Peter O'Toole, and the musical epic Funny Girl (1968) starring Barbra Streisand.

Title: Barbra Streisand on screen and stage
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbra_Streisand_on_screen_and_stage
Excerpt: Barbra Streisand is an American singer, actor, producer, director and screenwriter.
Streisand's career began in the early 1960s performing in nightclubs and Broadway theaters. Following her established recording success, Streisand ventured into film by the end of the 1960s. She starred in the critically acclaimed Funny Girl (1968), winning the Academy Award for Best Actress at the 41st Academy Awards. Additional fame on the big screen followed with the extravagant musical Hello, Dolly! (1969), the screwball comedy What's Up, Doc? (1972), and the romantic drama The Way We Were (1973). With the release of Yentl (1983), Streisand became the first woman to write, produce, direct, and star in a major studio film. She received the Golden Globe Award for Best Director, becoming the first (and for 37 years, the only) woman to win that award. Streisand later produced and directed The Prince of Tides (1991), and The Mirror Has Two Faces (1996).
She has also starred in several television specials, including concert films.