Title: Jay-Z
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jay-Z
Excerpt: Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4, 1969), known professionally as Jay-Z, is an American rapper, businessman, and record executive. In 2023, Billboard and Vibe ranked him as the greatest rapper of all time. Rooted in East Coast hip-hop, Jay-Z is known for his complex lyricism that often uses double entendres, wordplay, and braggadocio—built on a rags to riches narrative. According to Forbes, he is the wealthiest music artist in history, worth an estimated US$2.8 billion as of 2026.
A protégé of fellow New York City-based rapper Jaz-O, Jay-Z began recording music in the late 1980s. He co-founded Roc-A-Fella Records in 1994 to release his first two studio albums, Reasonable Doubt (1996) and In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 (1997), both of which were critically acclaimed. His 11 subsequent albums, including The Blueprint (2001), The Black Album (2003), American Gangster (2007), and 4:44 (2017), have each debuted atop the Billboard 200. Jay-Z has a total of 14 number-one albums on the chart, the third-most in history. He topped the Billboard Hot 100 on four occasions: once as a lead artist with his 2009 single "Empire State of Mind" (with Alicia Keys), and three times with his guest performances on the singles "Heartbreaker" (1999) by Mariah Carey, "Crazy in Love" (2003) by Beyoncé, and "Umbrella" (2007) by Rihanna.
Jay-Z served as president and chief executive officer of Def Jam Recordings from 2004 to 2007, during which time he helped launch the careers of acts including Kanye West, Rihanna, and Ne-Yo. He co-founded Rocawear, a clothing retailer, in 1999, and founded the 40/40 Club, a luxury bar chain, in 2003. As both grew into multi-million-dollar businesses, he launched Roc Nation, a multi-disciplinary entertainment agency, in 2008. In 2015, he acquired the technology company Aspiro and led the expansion of its media streaming service Tidal. Through his business ventures, Jay-Z became the first hip-hop billionaire in 2019. After Block, Inc. (then Square, Inc.) acquired a majority stake in Tidal in March 2021, Jay-Z joined its board of directors.
One of the best-selling music artists with 125 million records sold, Jay-Z has won 25 Grammy Awards, the eighth-most of all time and the second-most of any hip-hop artist. He is the recipient of the NAACP's President's Award and four Emmy Awards (including three Primetime Emmy Awards), in addition to being nominated for a Tony Award. Jay-Z was the first rapper to be inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the eighth hip-hop act to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Time named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013.

Title: The Velvet Rope
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Velvet_Rope
Excerpt: The Velvet Rope is the sixth studio album by American singer Janet Jackson. It was released on October 7, 1997, through Virgin Records. Prior to its release, Jackson renegotiated her contract with Virgin for US$80 million, marking this as the largest recording contract in history at that time.
Upon experiencing an emotional breakdown, Jackson began facing a long-term case of depression. She developed her new record as a concept album, using introspection as its theme. Its title is a metaphor for emotional boundaries as well as an allusion to an individual's need to feel special. Its lyrics address subject matter such as depression, self-worth, social networking, and domestic violence. It also encompasses themes of sexuality, including BDSM, sexual orientation, and same-sex relationships. Due to its sexually explicit content, the album reinforced Jackson's public image as a sex symbol and as one of the most erotic vocalists of the 1990s. Its incorporation of social issues regarding sexual orientation and combating homophobia also established her reputation as a gay icon, for which she received the GLAAD Media Award for Outstanding Music.
The record was written and produced by Jackson, alongside Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis and co-written by René Elizondo Jr., her then-husband. The songs on the album also include British violinist Vanessa-Mae and American rapper Q-Tip as featured artists, along with samples from Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell's "Big Yellow Taxi". Its composition fuses various genres, including R&B, pop, trip hop, folk, jazz, rock, and techno music.
The Velvet Rope became Jackson's fourth consecutive album to top the US Billboard 200. It also reached the top of the charts in Denmark and the top five in major markets such as Australia, Canada, France, and Germany. The album was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and has sold an estimated eight million copies worldwide. Of the six singles released from the project, "Got 'til It's Gone" won the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Music Video, "Together Again" became an international number-one hit, and "I Get Lonely" became Jackson's 18th consecutive top-ten single on the US Billboard Hot 100, making her the only female artist in history to achieve that feat. The Velvet Rope Tour, in support of the album, drew critical acclaim for its theatricality, as well as controversy for its depictions of domestic violence and bondage.

Title: Stoney (album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stoney_(album)
Excerpt: Stoney is the debut studio album by the American musician Post Malone, released on December 9, 2016, by Republic Records. After rising to prominence with his debut single "White Iverson" in 2015, Malone signed to Republic and began working on his debut album. His debut mixtape, August 26th, was released in May 2016. It was titled after the original planned release date for Stoney, though it was subsequently delayed. The album features guest appearances from Justin Bieber, Kehlani, and Quavo. Production was handled by a variety of record producers, including Malone himself, Louis Bell, Frank Dukes, FKi 1st, Charlie Handsome, Illangelo, Metro Boomin, Mustard, Roofeeo, Leon Thomas III, Pharrell Williams, and Vinylz, among others.
Stoney is primarily a hip-hop album that contains influences from country, pop, and R&B. Its lyrics generally revolve around money, luxury, drugs, and women, and its instrumentals feature heavy bass and trap snares reminiscent of club music. Malone aimed to create a unique sound in hip-hop, as he found much of the music in the genre was cliché. He incorporated his guitar-playing and influences from rock music with the goal of making an innovative sound. The album was promoted by six singles, including the three US Diamond-certified songs "White Iverson", "Congratulations", and "I Fall Apart". The Stoney Tour took place across the United States throughout September and October 2017.
Stoney received mixed reviews, with critics enjoying the hooks presented but finding its songwriting generic. The album received several award nominations, including Top Billboard 200 Album at the 2018 Billboard Music Awards. The album debuted at number six on the Billboard 200 and later peaked at number four on the chart, and also topped the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart. It eventually reached its 77th week in the top 10 of the latter chart, breaking a record set by Michael Jackson's Thriller (1982). It was certified five-times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and double platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).

Title: Cultural impact of Taylor Swift
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cultural_impact_of_Taylor_Swift
Excerpt: The American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift has influenced popular culture, music, and economics with her artistry, performances, image, politics, fashion, ideas, and actions, collectively referred to as the Taylor Swift effect by publications. Debuting as a 16-year-old independent singer-songwriter in 2006, Swift steadily amassed fame, success, and public curiosity in her career, becoming a global monocultural figure.
Often described by authors as the most prominent celebrity of the 21st-century, Swift is the only artist across all fields of art to have been named Person of the Year by Time. She started in country music, reshaping the genre's appeal and extending its reach to the untapped markets of Asia. She then ventured into pop, expanding the genre's perceived artistic boundaries by emphasizing emotional engagement without forfeiting chart success. Electronic, folk, and rock styles were explored in her subsequent releases, blurring music genre boundaries. Swift's expansive career has led critics to describe her as a rare combination of chart success, critical acclaim, and intense fan support, resulting in her wide impact on and beyond the music industry. She is recognized for her versatile musicality, songwriting expertise, and sharp entrepreneurial sense, as well as an American cultural symbol. She replaced the Beatles as the most covered artist of the world.  
From the end of the album era to the rise of the Internet, Swift has influenced music distribution, perception, and consumption across the 2000s, 2010s, and 2020s, and has used social media to spotlight issues within the industry and society at large. Wielding strong economic and political leverage, she prompted reforms to recording, streaming, and distribution structures for greater artists' rights, increased awareness of creative ownership in terms of masters and intellectual property, and has led the vinyl revival. Her consistent commercial success is considered unprecedented by journalists, with simultaneous achievements in album sales, digital sales, streaming, airplay, vinyl sales, record charts, and touring. Bloomberg Businessweek stated Swift is "The Music Industry", one of her many honorific sobriquets. Billboard described Swift as "an advocate, a style icon, a marketing wiz, a prolific songwriter, a pusher of visual boundaries and a record-breaking road warrior". Her album promotional cycles, known as "eras", have influenced mass media trends and culminated in the Eras Tour (2023–2024), which made its own impact.
One of the most discussed writers of the 21st-century, Swift is a subject of academic research, media studies, and cultural analysis, generally focused on concepts of poptimism, feminism, capitalism, internet culture, celebrity culture, consumerism, post-postmodernism, and other sociomusicological phenomena. Various academic institutions offer courses on her and museums have exhibited her artifacts. Scholars have attributed Swift's dominant cultural presence to her musical sensibility, artistic integrity, global engagement, intergenerational appeal, and marketing acumen. Apart from inspiring musicians, Swift has also influenced filmmakers, actors, authors, entrepreneurs, and legislators. Several journalists have used the adjective "Swiftian" to describe works reminiscent of Swift's. Scientists have named six animal species after her.

Title: Abracadabra (Lady Gaga song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abracadabra_(Lady_Gaga_song)
Excerpt: "Abracadabra" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga for her studio album, Mayhem (2025). It was written and produced by Gaga, Andrew Watt, and Cirkut, with additional songwriting credits to members of Siouxsie and the Banshees, as it incorporates elements from their 1981 single "Spellbound". Musically, it is a dance, dance-pop, electropop, synth-pop, and acid techno track with electronic, industrial, house, and psychedelic influences. The song's lyrics, according to Gaga, reflect on facing life's challenges and finding a sense of magic in them. "Abracadabra" was released through Interscope Records on February 3, 2025, as the album's second single.
An accompanying music video, co-directed by Gaga, Parris Goebel, and Bethany Vargas, depicts a dance battle between two contrasting personas of the singer and premiered on February 3, following a teaser which aired during a commercial break at the 67th Annual Grammy Awards. Critics praised its theatrical style and cinematography, drawing favorable comparisons to her earlier work. Gaga performed "Abracadabra" on Saturday Night Live, The Howard Stern Show, the MTV Video Music Awards 2025 and the 2026 Grammy Awards. She also sang it as part of the opening act for some concerts promoting Mayhem, including during the Mayhem Ball tour, and incorporated a remix of the track by French producer Gesaffelstein as a show interlude, which was released on digital platforms. Gaga also performed a reimagined version of the song for Mayhem Requiem.
"Abracadabra" received critical acclaim, with reviewers praising its production, rhythm, songwriting and chorus, and various critics ranked it among the best songs of 2025. Commercially, the song topped the charts in Hungary and Lithuania, while reaching the top ten in Austria, Brazil, Croatia, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and on the Billboard Global 200. "Abracadabra" also charted within the top twenty in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Costa Rica, France, New Zealand, the Philippines, Taiwan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United States. It also received diamond certifications in Brazil and France as well as platinum certifications in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Greece, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, and the United Kingdom. At the 68th Annual Grammy Awards, "Abracadabra" was nominated for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Dance Pop Recording, and—for its Gesaffelstein remix—Best Remixed Recording, Non-Classical, winning the latter two.