Title: Timeline of British history
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_British_history
Excerpt: This is a timeline of British history, comprising important legal and territorial changes and political events in the United Kingdom and its predecessor states. To read about the background to these events, see History of England, History of Wales, History of Scotland, History of Ireland, Formation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and History of the United Kingdom.

Title: Timeline of the Great Depression
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_the_Great_Depression
Excerpt: The initial economic collapse which resulted in the Great Depression can be divided into two parts: 1929 to mid-1931, and then mid-1931 to 1933. The initial decline lasted from mid-1929 to mid-1931. During this time, most people believed that the decline was merely a bad recession, worse than the recessions that occurred in 1923 and 1927, but not as bad as the Depression of 1920–1921. Economic forecasters throughout 1930 optimistically predicted an economic rebound come 1931, and felt vindicated by a stock market rally in the spring of 1930.
The stock market crash in the first few weeks had a limited direct effect on the broader economy, as only 16% of the U.S. population was invested in the market in any form. But thousands of investors and banks lost money when 10% of invested wealth was lost almost overnight, with prospect of further losses. The crash created uncertainty in people's minds about the future of the economy. This distrust in future income reduced consumption expenditure.  As demand for commodities decreased, so did their prices. However, many banks that had engaged in risky investments in the stock market, and/or had lent money to individuals engaged in trading, suffered balance sheet losses that reduced their capital ratios. Mounting losses from further stock market declines and a worsening macro-economy would further strain the banking system. Over $34 million in wealth would be lost from the collapses in leverage investment products in 1929 offered by Goldman Sachs alone.
An increasing number of bank failures in late-1930 interrupted the process of credit creation and reduced the money supply, harming consumption. After a second round of banking panics in mid-1931, there was a major change in people's expectations about the future of the economy. This fear of reduced future income coupled with the Federal Reserve's deflationary monetary policy resulted in a deflationary spiral that cratered consumer spending, business investment, and industrial production. This further depressed the economy until Roosevelt stepped into office in 1933 and ended the gold standard, thereby ending the deflationary policy.
A true understanding of the Great Depression requires not only knowledge of the U.S. monetary system but also the implications of the gold standard on its participatory nations. The gold standard made the involved nations interdependent on each other's policies. Due to a fixed exchange rate, the only way to affect the demand for gold was through interest rates. For example, if interest rates were high in one country, then investors would have no reason to exchange currency for gold and the gold reserves would remain stable. However, if interest rates were low in a different country then its investors would elect to move their funds abroad where interest rates were higher.  In order to stop this from happening, each nation within the gold standard union had no choice but to raise its interest rates in correspondence with its fellow nation. This interconnectivity of deflationary policy amongst so many nations resulted in the prolongation of the greatest economic downturn.
This article focuses on the economic milestones, with some mention of the political and social impact of the depression on nations and classes in a global context.

Title: Timeline of the Troubles in the Republic of Ireland
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_the_Troubles_in_the_Republic_of_Ireland
Excerpt: The following is a timeline of actions during The Troubles which took place in the Republic of Ireland between 1969 and 1998. It includes Ulster Volunteer Force bombings such as the Dublin and Monaghan bombings in May 1974, and other loyalist bombings carried out in the 1970s, '80s and '90s, the last of which was in 1997. These attacks killed dozens of people and injured hundreds more. Also actions carried out by Irish republicans including bombings, prison escapes, kidnappings, and gun battles between the Gardaí (police) and the Irish Defence Forces against Republican gunmen from the Irish National Liberation Army, the Provisional Irish Republican Army, and a socialist-revolutionary group, Saor Éire. These attacks killed a number of civilians, police, soldiers, and republican paramilitaries.
One statistical breakdown of Troubles deaths showed that 105 people lost their lives in the Republic of Ireland, meaning that the death toll was significantly higher per head of population than in Great Britain (the figure of 105 killed would be the equivalent of over 1,600 killed in Great Britain).

Title: Timeline of the Troubles in Great Britain
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_the_Troubles_in_Great_Britain
Excerpt: This is a timeline of the events and actions during the Troubles that were carried out in Great Britain, the vast majority of which were carried out by Irish Republican paramilitaries. The Provisional IRA were by far the most active group, but both the Official IRA and the Irish National Liberation Army carried out a number of attacks, which included bombings and shootings. Ulster Loyalist paramilitary groups also carried out a small number of violent actions.

Title: Timeline of the Troubles in Europe
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_the_Troubles_in_Europe
Excerpt: This is a timeline of the events and actions during the Troubles that were carried out in Western Europe, the countries included are West Germany, Belgium & the Netherlands the vast majority of which were carried out by Provisional IRA (PIRA) the other Irish Republican group was the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) who carried out a small few attacks more for propaganda purposes. According to a study 18 people were killed on mainland Europe during The Troubles with around 60 people being injured. It is believed IRA Volunteers Dessie Grew & Donna Maguire were part of a four person active service unit based along the Belgian & Dutch border & who were responsible for many of the shootings & bombings in Europe from early 1989 to late 1990, with Dessie Grew as the commander of the unit.