Title: David Lynch
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Lynch
Excerpt: David Keith Lynch (January 20, 1946 – January 16, 2025) was an American filmmaker and artist. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest and most influential filmmakers in the history of cinema, with his films often characterized by a distinctive surrealist sensibility that gave rise to the adjective "Lynchian". He is often credited with bringing surrealism and experimentalism to mainstream media in the late 20th century. In a career spanning more than five decades, he received numerous accolades, including an Academy Honorary Award, a Palme d'Or and Best Director Award at the Cannes Film Festival, the Golden Lion for Lifetime Achievement at the Venice Film Festival, an Independent Spirit Award, a Saturn Award, two César Awards, and a (posthumous) Laurel Award for Screenwriting Achievement, in addition to nominations for four Academy Awards, two British Academy Film Awards, four Golden Globe Awards, and nine Primetime Emmy Awards.
Initially aspiring to become a painter, Lynch began creating short films out of a desire to effect movement in his paintings. He made his feature film debut with the surrealist body horror film Eraserhead (1977), which took him five years to make due to financial issues and slowly found success as a midnight movie. He garnered critical acclaim for the biographical drama film The Elephant Man (1980) and the neo-noir mystery films Blue Velvet (1986) and Mulholland Drive (2001), all three of which earned him nominations for the Academy Award for Best Director. His romantic crime drama film Wild at Heart (1990) won the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. He also directed the neo-noir horror film Lost Highway (1997), the comedy-drama film The Straight Story (1999), and the experimental psychological horror film Inland Empire (2006), his last feature film. He wrote and directed the space opera film Dune (1984) but disowned it after extensive studio interference.
Lynch co-created (with Mark Frost) and directed the ABC surrealist horror-mystery series Twin Peaks (1990–1991; 2017), for which he received nine Primetime Emmy Award nominations. The series is considered a landmark turning point in television and often listed among the greatest television series of all time. He also co-wrote (with Robert Engels) and directed its film prequel Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me (1992). He directed music videos for Donovan, Interpol, Chris Isaak, X Japan, Moby, and Nine Inch Nails, and commercials for Dior, Gucci, Yves Saint Laurent, Jil Sander, Calvin Klein, the PlayStation 2, and the New York City Department of Sanitation. His acting roles included Gordon Cole on Twin Peaks, the voice of Gus on the animated sitcom The Cleveland Show (2010–2013), Jack Dahl on the sitcom Louie (2012), Howard in the drama film Lucky (2017), and film director John Ford in Steven Spielberg's drama film The Fabelmans (2022).
Lynch also worked as an animator, author, cartoonist, furniture designer, musician, sound designer, editor, photographer, and sculptor. A longtime practitioner of Transcendental Meditation, he founded the David Lynch Foundation to fund meditation lessons for at-risk populations. Lynch was a lifelong chain smoker whose emphysema was exacerbated when he was evacuated from his home in Los Angeles due to the January 2025 Southern California wildfires. He died at his daughter Jennifer's home soon thereafter.

Title: Robert Altman
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Altman
Excerpt: Robert Bernard Altman ( AWLT-mən; February 20, 1925 – November 20, 2006) was an American filmmaker. He is considered an enduring figure from the New Hollywood era, known for directing subversive and satirical films with overlapping dialogue and ensemble casts. Over his career he received numerous accolades, including an Academy Honorary Award, two BAFTAs, three Independent Spirit Awards, a Primetime Emmy Award, a David di Donatello Award, and a Golden Globe, as well as nominations for seven competitive Academy Awards.
Altman was nominated for five Academy Awards for Best Director for the war comedy M*A*S*H (1970), the musical film Nashville (1975), the Hollywood satire The Player (1992), the dark comedy Short Cuts (1993), and the murder mystery Gosford Park (2001). He is also known for directing Brewster McCloud (1970), McCabe & Mrs. Miller (1971), The Long Goodbye (1973), California Split (1974), Thieves Like Us (1974), 3 Women (1977), A Wedding (1978), Popeye (1980), Secret Honor (1984), The Company (2003), and A Prairie Home Companion (2006).
Also known for his work on television, he directed the HBO political mockumentary miniseries Tanner '88 (1988) for which he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series. He also directed the HBO television film The Laundromat (1985). On stage, he directed the Broadway revival of the Ed Graczyk play Come Back to the 5 & Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean (1981) and later the 1982 film of the same name. He directed the West End revival of Arthur Miller's penultimate play Resurrection Blues (2006).
In 2006, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences recognized Altman's body of work with an Academy Honorary Award. He died that same year at the age of 81. Despite seven nominations, Altman never won a competitive Academy Award. His films M*A*S*H, McCabe & Mrs. Miller, The Long Goodbye and Nashville have been selected for the United States National Film Registry. Altman is also one of five filmmakers whose films have won the Golden Bear at Berlin, the Golden Lion at Venice, and the Palme d'Or at Cannes (the other four being Henri-Georges Clouzot, Michelangelo Antonioni, Jean-Luc Godard and Jafar Panahi).

Title: Sofia Coppola
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sofia_Coppola
Excerpt: Sofia Carmina Coppola ( KOH-pə-lə; born May 14, 1971) is an American filmmaker and former actress. She has received various accolades, including an Academy Award, two Golden Globe Awards, a Golden Lion, and a Cannes Film Festival Award as well as nominations for three BAFTA Awards and a Primetime Emmy Award.
Her parents are filmmakers Eleanor and Francis Ford Coppola, and she made her acting debut as an infant in her father's acclaimed crime drama The Godfather (1972). Coppola later appeared in several music videos and had a supporting role in the fantasy comedy film Peggy Sue Got Married (1986). She then portrayed Mary Corleone, the daughter of Michael Corleone, in the sequel The Godfather Part III (1990).
Coppola transitioned into filmmaking with her feature-length directorial debut in the coming-of-age drama The Virgin Suicides (1999). It was the first of her collaborations with actress Kirsten Dunst. Coppola received the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for the comedy-drama Lost in Translation (2003), and was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director, becoming the third woman to do so. She has since directed the historical drama Marie Antoinette (2006), the family drama Somewhere (2010), the satirical crime drama The Bling Ring (2013), the southern gothic thriller The Beguiled (2017), the comedy On the Rocks (2020), and the biographical drama Priscilla (2023). 
Coppola released the Netflix Christmas musical comedy special A Very Murray Christmas (2015), which earned her a nomination for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Television Movie.

Title: 2024 Cannes Film Festival
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2024_Cannes_Film_Festival
Excerpt: The 77th annual Cannes Film Festival took place from 14 to 25 May 2024. American filmmaker and actress Greta Gerwig served as jury president for the main competition. American filmmaker Sean Baker won the Palme d'Or, the festival's top prize, for the comedy-drama film Anora.
The official poster for the festival featuring a still image from the movie Rhapsody in August (1991) by Akira Kurosawa, selected for the 44th edition, was designed by Hartland Villa. French actress Camille Cottin hosted the opening and closing ceremonies.
During the festival, three Honorary Palme d'Or were awarded: the first was awarded to Meryl Streep during the festival's opening ceremony; the second was awarded to Studio Ghibli; and the third was awarded to George Lucas during the festival's closing ceremony.
Few days before the opening ceremony, festival workers called for a general strike. The Broke Behind the Screens (Sous les écrans la dèche) collective made public a complaint about the precarious nature of film festival work.
Following the official announcement of The Seed of the Sacred Fig's selection for the main competition, Iranian filmmaker Mohammad Rasoulof was sentenced to eight years in prison as well as flogging, a fine, and confiscation of his property, on the charge of "propaganda against the regime." Cast and crew were interrogated and pressured to convince Rasoulof to withdraw the film from the festival. Shortly after, Rasoulof and some crew members managed to flee from Iran to Europe, and attended the film's world premiere on 24 May 2024. On the red carpet, Rasoulof held up images of stars Soheila Golestani and Missagh Zareh, who were unable to leave Iran for the premiere, and had their passport confiscated. The film received a 12-minute standing ovation, while cast and crew protested in solidarity with Iranian women fight for rights.
The festival opened with French comedy-film The Second Act by Quentin Dupieux.

Title: 2025 Cannes Film Festival
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2025_Cannes_Film_Festival
Excerpt: The 78th annual Cannes Film Festival took place from 13 to 24 May 2025. French actress Juliette Binoche served as jury president for the main competition. Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi won the Palme d'Or, the festival's top prize, for the thriller film It Was Just an Accident.
Hartland Villa designed the official double poster for the festival featuring actress Anouk Aimée and actor Jean-Louis Trintignant in the movie A Man and a Woman (1966) by Claude Lelouch, winner of the Palme d'Or at the 19th Cannes Film Festival. French actor Laurent Lafitte served as host for the opening and closing ceremonies.
During the festival, two Honorary Palme d'Ors were awarded: the first was awarded to Robert De Niro during the festival's opening ceremony, and the second was awarded on short notice to Denzel Washington before the world premiere of Highest 2 Lowest.
One day after the announcement of the ACID official selection, Palestinian photojournalist Fatima Hassouna, one of the main subjects of the documentary film Put Your Soul on Your Hand and Walk by Sepideh Farsi, was killed along with ten members of her family in an Israeli airstrike on their home in Gaza City on 16 April 2025. The festival released an official statement expressing condolences and criticising the ongoing war and violence in Gaza. On the festival's opening day, more than 350 directors, actors and producers including, Jonathan Glazer, Nuri Bilge Ceylan, Víctor Erice, Hafsia Herzi, Aki Kaurismäki, Nadav Lapid, Kleber Mendonça Filho, Pedro Almodóvar, David Cronenberg and Ruben Östlund signed a letter condemning the killing of Hassouna and denounced the ongoing genocide in Gaza, stating: "We cannot remain silent while genocide is taking place in Gaza".
On the festival's final day, 24 May 2025, a power outage caused by arson disrupted the morning screenings sessions.
The festival opened with the French comedy film Leave One Day by Amélie Bonnin.