Title: AC/DC Live
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AC/DC_Live
Excerpt: AC/DC Live is the second live album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, released in October 1992. Two versions were released, one containing a single CD, with the second version being a double album on LP and CD known as AC/DC Live: 2 CD Collector's Edition. A feature-length live video, AC/DC: Live at Donington, was released concurrently. The double album AC/DC Live: 2 CD Collector's Edition was released a month after the single-disc version, in a slipcased two-disc "book" (similar in shape to old CD longboxes) and containing an AC/DC dollar note known as "Angus Bucks". Both editions of the album were re-released in 2003 as part of the AC/DC Remasters series.

Title: AC/DC discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AC/DC_discography
Excerpt: Australian rock band AC/DC have released 17 studio albums, two soundtrack albums, three live albums, one extended play, 57 singles, 11 video albums, 52 music videos and two box sets. Although many AC/DC singles have been released, the band refused to issue any greatest hits albums. Who Made Who, which served as the soundtrack to Stephen King's film Maximum Overdrive, Iron Man 2 and the band's various live recordings are the closest they have issued to such a compilation.
Brothers Angus (lead guitar) and Malcolm Young (rhythm guitar) formed AC/DC in 1973. The band released two albums in Australasia before issuing their first international album, High Voltage in 1976; the Youngs had been joined by vocalist Bon Scott, bass guitarist Mark Evans and drummer Phil Rudd. In 1980, less than a year after the appearance of the successful Highway to Hell, Scott died and was replaced by English singer Brian Johnson, with whom AC/DC released their best-selling album, Back in Black. The album Black Ice, from 2008, reached number one in 29 countries. In 50 years of their career, AC/DC have sold over 200 million albums worldwide, and 83 million in the United States. Back in Black sold 50 million copies worldwide, and became the second best-selling album in history.
Verizon made AC/DC albums available for digital download in 2007; for five years the band refused to release their albums via iTunes, as that company allows downloading of individual tracks. Angus Young observed, "We honestly believe the songs on any of our albums belong together. If we were on iTunes, we know a certain percentage of people would only download two or three songs from the album – and we don't think that represents us musically." However, in November 2012, the band relented and released their entire discography via iTunes. AC/DC’s consistent hard rock sound across decades has been both praised and criticized by music critics. Many reviewers note that the band’s focus on straightforward riffs and high-energy performances helped solidify hard rock’s commercial appeal in the late 1970s and 1980s. According to Rolling Stone, the band’s “unapologetically simple approach created one of the most recognizable sounds in rock history.”  On 30 June 2015, their catalogue appeared on Spotify for the first time, which made their works available for streaming. Their most certified singles in the US are "Thunderstruck" (1990), "Back in Black" (1980), "Highway to Hell" (1979), and "You Shook Me All Night Long" (1980) – each have received Diamond, 7× Platinum, and 6× Platinum and from the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in 2024, respectively. In Australia, "Thunderstruck" (1990) was accredited 10× Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) in 2022.

Title: Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirty_Deeds_Done_Dirt_Cheap_(song)
Excerpt: "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap" is a hard rock song by the Australian band AC/DC. Written by group members Angus Young, Malcolm Young, and Bon Scott, it was recorded for the title track of their album Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap, released in September 1976.
It was also released as a single – first in Australia in October 1976 with "R.I.P. (Rock in Peace)" as its B-side, and then in the UK in February 1977 as a maxi-single with "Big Balls" and "The Jack" as its B-sides. Once the Dirty Deeds album was finally released in the US in 1981 the "Dirty Deeds..." single was released there (backed by "Highway To Hell"), where it reached number four on the then-new Mainstream Rock Tracks chart.
The song ranked No. 24 on VH1's 40 Greatest Metal Songs and in 2009 it was named the 31st best hard rock song of all time also by VH1.
It features a backing vocal consisting of a heavy breathing sound, made on the downbeat during verses. It also features the title in a spoken-word style at the end of the chorus; plus a scream at the end of the song. The full-length recording (approximately 4:11) has the title of the song chanted four times starting at 3:09, but on the more common edited version (approximately 3:51) the chant is heard only twice.

Title: Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dirty_Deeds_Done_Dirt_Cheap
Excerpt: Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap is the third studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, originally released only in Europe, Australia and New Zealand in 1976. The album was not released in the United States until 1981, more than one year after lead singer Bon Scott's death. This was also AC/DC's first album in its entirety to be recorded with the same lineup, rather than including at least one track recorded with a different bassist or drummer.

Title: Backtracks (AC/DC album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Backtracks_(AC/DC_album)
Excerpt: Backtracks is a box set by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC. It was announced on 29 September 2009 and was released on 10 November 2009 (the Deluxe Edition was shipped out early, before the scheduled release date, due to overwhelming fan reaction and anticipation). This is a collection of the band's studio and live rarities together in one boxset. There are two editions: a Deluxe Edition and a Standard Edition. All tracks have been remastered to match the sound of the 2003 album remasters and many songs appear on CD for the first time. It is the band's second box set of rarities, following the Bonfire release in 1997.
The Deluxe Edition (available only through acdc.com) includes three CDs, two DVDs, one LP, a 164-page hard-back coffee table book and collectible merchandise reproductions all housed in an operating 1 watt guitar amplifier. One CD includes rare studio tracks including A-sides (such as the "Who Made Who" 12" A-side and "Big Gun"), B-sides, and UK and Australian-only releases, while the other two CDs document live tracks which have appeared on singles, EPs and promo or soundtrack albums over the years. Part three of the Family Jewels DVD series is included and also the entire 2003 Circus Krone, Munich, Germany, gig on DVD.
The Standard Edition (released as a smaller "budget" version for those who could not afford the steep price of the Deluxe Edition) includes two CDs and one DVD. CD One contains highlights of Studio Rarities, while CD two contains highlights of Live Rarities. The DVD is Family Jewels Disc Three.