Title: Scribe
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scribe
Excerpt: A scribe is a person who serves as a professional copyist, especially one who made copies of manuscripts before the invention of automatic printing.
The work of scribes can involve copying manuscripts and other texts as well as secretarial and administrative duties such as the taking of dictation and keeping of business, judicial, and historical records for kings, nobles, temples, and cities.
The profession of scribe first appears in Mesopotamia. Scribes contributed in fundamental ways to ancient and medieval cultures, including Egypt, China, India, Persia, the Roman Empire, and medieval Europe. Judaism, Buddhism, and Islam have important scribal traditions. Scribes have been essential in these cultures for the preservation of legal codes, religious texts, and artistic and didactic literature. In some cultures, social functions of the scribe and of the calligrapher overlap, but the emphasis in scribal writing is on exactitude, whereas calligraphy aims to express the aesthetic qualities of writing apart from its content.
Previously a prominent fixture in literary cultures, scribes lost most of their prominence and status with the advent of the printing press. The generally less prestigious profession of scrivener continued to be important for copying and writing out legal documents and the like. In societies with low literacy rates, street-corner letter-writers (and readers) may still be found providing scribe service.

Title: Osamu Dazai
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osamu_Dazai
Excerpt: Shūji Tsushima (津島 修治, Tsushima Shūji; 19 June 1909 – 13 June 1948), known by his pen name Osamu Dazai (太宰 治, Dazai Osamu), was a Japanese writer. A number of his most popular works, such as The Setting Sun (斜陽, Shayō) and No Longer Human (人間失格, Ningen Shikkaku), are considered modern classics.
His influences include Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, Murasaki Shikibu and Fyodor Dostoevsky. His last book, No Longer Human, is his most popular work outside of Japan.
Another pseudonym he used was Shunpei Kuroki (黒木 舜平), for the book Illusion of the Cliffs (断崖の錯覚, Dangai no Sakkaku).

Title: Ichiyō Higuchi
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ichiy%C5%8D_Higuchi
Excerpt: Natsuko Higuchi (Japanese: 樋口 夏子, Hepburn: Higuchi Natsuko; 2 May 1872 – 23 November 1896), known by her pen name Higuchi Ichiyō (樋口 一葉), was a Japanese writer during the Meiji era. She was Japan's first professional woman writer of modern literature, specializing in short stories and poetry, and was also an extensive diarist. Her portrait was used on the 5000 yen banknote in Japan.

Title: Ariwara no Narihira
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ariwara_no_Narihira
Excerpt: Ariwara no Narihira (在原 業平; Japanese pronunciation: [a.ɾi.wa.ɾa no (|) na.ɾiꜜ.çi.ɾa], 825 – 9 July 880) was a Japanese courtier and waka poet of the early Heian period.  He was named one of both the Six Poetic Geniuses and the Thirty-Six Poetic Geniuses, and one of his poems was included in the Ogura Hyakunin Isshu collection.  He is also known as Zai Go-Chūjō, Zai Go, Zai Chūjō or Mukashi-Otoko.
There are 87 poems attributed to Narihira in court anthologies, though some attributions are dubious.  Narihira's poems are exceptionally ambiguous; the compilers of the 10th-century Kokin Wakashū thus treated them to relatively long headnotes.
Narihira's many renowned love affairs have exerted a profound influence on later Japanese culture.  Legends have held that he had affairs with the high priestess of the Ise Grand Shrine and the poet Ono no Komachi, and that he fathered Emperor Yōzei. His love affairs inspired The Tales of Ise, and he has ever since been a model of the handsome, amorous nobleman. Narihira was considered an avatar of Jūichi-men Kannon.

Title: Siegfried Schaarschmidt
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siegfried_Schaarschmidt
Excerpt: Siegfried Schaarschmidt (21 August 1925 – 17 August 1998) was a German translator, poet, and essayist specializing in Japanese literature.