Title: David Attenborough
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Attenborough
Excerpt: Sir David Frederick Attenborough ( AT-ən-bər-ə; born 8 May 1926) is an English broadcaster, natural historian, and writer. His presenting career began as host of Zoo Quest in 1954, and has spanned seven decades; it includes the nine documentary series forming The Life Collection, Natural World, Wildlife on One, the Planet Earth franchise, The Blue Planet and Frozen Planet. He is the only person to have won BAFTA Awards in black-and-white, colour, high-definition, 3D and 4K resolution. Over his life, he has collected dozens of honorary degrees and awards, including three Primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Narrator and one Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Daytime Personality – Non-Daily.
Attenborough was a senior manager at the BBC, working as controller of BBC Two and director of programming for BBC Television in the 1960s and 1970s. While his earlier work focused primarily on the natural world, his later work has been more vocal in support for environmental causes. He has advocated for restoring planetary biodiversity, limiting population growth, switching to renewable energy, mitigating climate change, reducing meat consumption and setting aside more areas for natural preservation. On his broadcasting and passion for nature, NPR stated that Attenborough "roamed the globe and shared his discoveries and enthusiasms with his patented semi-whisper way of narrating". He is widely considered a national treasure in the UK, though he does not embrace the term.

Title: Mexico–United States border wall
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexico%E2%80%93United_States_border_wall
Excerpt: A border wall is being built along portions of the Mexico–United States border in an attempt to reduce illegal immigration to the United States from Mexico. The barrier is not a continuous structure but a series of obstructions variously classified as "fences" or "walls".
Between the physical barriers, security is provided by a "virtual fence" of sensors, cameras, and other surveillance equipment used to dispatch United States Border Patrol agents to suspected migrant crossings. In May 2011, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) said it had 649 miles (1,044 km) of barriers in place. A total of 438 miles (705 km) of new primary barriers were built during Donald Trump's first presidency, dubbed the "Trump Wall", though President Trump had repeatedly promised a "giant wall" spanning the entire border and that Mexico would "pay for the wall", neither of which were done. The national border's length is 1,954 miles (3,145 km), of which 1,255 miles (2,020 km) is the Rio Grande and 699 miles (1,125 km) is on land.
President Joe Biden signed an executive order on his first day of office, January 20, 2021, which ordered a pause in all construction of the border wall no later than January 27, 2021. By December 2021, many contracts had been cancelled. On July 28, 2022, the Biden administration announced it would fill four wide border wall gaps in Arizona near Yuma, an area with some of the busiest corridors for illegal crossings. In October 2023, President Biden announced that he was restarting border wall construction on some parts of the border due to the surge of migrant crossings, constructing an additional 20 miles (32 km) of border wall.
In January 2025, re-elected president Donald Trump pledged to finish the border wall during his second term. The amount of existing Wall (prior to 1/20/2025) that met United States Border Patrol operational requirements was ~644 miles of Primary Wall and ~75 miles of Secondary Wall. On October 10, 2025, the initiative was officially designated as a "Smart Wall", with an interactive Smart Wall Map Page, to reflect the layers of "System Attributes" and other detection technology that would be incorporated into the design. In a May 2026 interview, Department of Homeland Security (DHS) secretary Markwayne Mullin stated that he expected the Primary Wall to be completed by April or June 2027 with the Secondary Wall and other components to be completed before Trump left office. In a June 2026 interview, Customs and Border Protection (CBP) commissioner Rodney S. Scott stated he made a commitment to President Trump that the Primary Wall would be completed by the end of 2027 and that the entire system would be completed by July 2028.

Title: David Wall
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Wall
Excerpt: David Wall may refer to:

David Wall (actor) (fl. 1990s–2000s), American actor
David Wall (dancer) (1946–2013), British ballet dancer
David Wall (racing driver) (born 1983), Australian racing driver
David S. Wall (fl. 1990s–2020s), British professor of criminology
David Wall (footballer) (born 1947), former Australian rules footballer

Title: David Wall (footballer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Wall_(footballer)
Excerpt: David Wall (born 3 September 1947) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with Fitzroy in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He joined the team at age 19 and retired at the age of 28. His jersey numbers were 9 and 33.
Originally from West Heidelberg, Wall played much of his football as a forward. He topped Fitzroy's goal-kicking in 1974 with 35 goals.
He was the 852nd player to appear with Fitzroy, played the 63rd most games, and kicked the 35th most goals within the club.
He played at Northcote after leaving Fitzroy but was forced into retirement when he twice suffered concussion in the space of three games. On one occasion during the Centenary Cup in 1977 against Yarraville, Northcote brought his replacement onto the ground before Wall had been taken off on a stretcher; Yarraville called for a head count, and Northcote's score was cancelled.

Title: The Woman in the Wall
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Woman_in_the_Wall
Excerpt: The Woman in the Wall is a six-part mystery drama television series created by Joe Murtagh and starring Ruth Wilson and Daryl McCormack. It premiered on 27 August 2023 on BBC One.