Title: Jack Thompson (actor)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Thompson_(actor)
Excerpt: John Hadley Thompson, AM (né Pain; born 31 August 1940) is an Australian actor and a major figure of Australian cinema, particularly Australian New Wave. He is best known for his role as a lead actor in several acclaimed Australian films, including such classics as The Club (1980), Sunday Too Far Away (1975), The Man from Snowy River (1982) and Petersen (1974). He won Cannes and AFI acting awards for the latter film.
In 2002, he was made an honorary member of the Australian Cinematographers Society, and was the recipient of a Living Legend Award at the 2005 Inside Film Awards.

Title: Michael Winterbottom
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Winterbottom
Excerpt: Michael Winterbottom (born 29 March 1961) is an English film director. He began his career working in British television before moving into features. Three of his films—Welcome to Sarajevo, Wonderland and 24 Hour Party People—have competed for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival. He and co-director Mat Whitecross won the Silver Bear for Best Director at the 56th Berlin International Film Festival for their work on The Road to Guantanamo.
His production company, Revolution Films, has a first-look deal with Fremantle.

Title: The Sittaford Mystery
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Sittaford_Mystery
Excerpt: The Sittaford Mystery is a mystery novel by British writer  Agatha Christie, first published in the US by Dodd, Mead and Company in 1931 under the title of The Murder at Hazelmoor and in UK by the Collins Crime Club on 7 September of the same year under Christie's original title. It is the first Christie novel to be given a different title for the US market. The US edition retailed at $2.00 and the UK edition at seven shillings and sixpence (7/6).
Mrs Willett and her daughter host an evening of "table-turning" (a séance) on a snowy winter's evening in Dartmoor. The spirit tells them that Captain Trevelyan is dead. The roads being impassable to vehicles, Major Burnaby announces his intention to go to the village on foot to check on his friend, where he appears to find the prediction has come true. Emily Trefusis, engaged to Trevelyan's nephew, uncovers the mystery along with the police.
The novel was well received, with praise for the character Miss Emily Trefusis. The references to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, no longer alive when the book was published, and the elements of the setting that hearken to The Hound of the Baskervilles (published in 1902) were also noted and appreciated.

Title: John Franklin Bardin
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Franklin_Bardin
Excerpt: John Franklin Bardin (November 30, 1916 – July 9, 1981) was an American crime writer, best known for the three novels he wrote between 1946 and 1948.

Title: List of serial killers in the United States
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_serial_killers_in_the_United_States
Excerpt: A serial killer is typically a person who kills three or more people, with the murders taking place over more than a month and including a significant period of time between them. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) defines serial murder as "a series of two or more murders, committed as separate events, usually, but not always, by one offender acting alone".
The United States has by far the largest number of documented serial killers in the world. According to Radford University's Serial Killer Information Center, it has more documented serial killers than the next ten highest countries on the list combined.