Title: Cher
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cher
Excerpt: Cher (  SHAIR; legally mononymous; born Cheryl Sarkisian, May 20, 1946) is an American singer and actress. Dubbed the "Goddess of Pop", she is known for her androgynous, contralto voice, bold fashion, elaborate stagecraft and multifaceted career. Her screen roles often reflect her public image as a strong-willed, outspoken woman. An influential figure in popular culture, Cher has sustained a career spanning more than six decades through continual reinvention.
Cher rose to fame in 1965 as part of the folk rock duo Sonny & Cher, whose hit single "I Got You Babe" became emblematic of 1960s counterculture. She simultaneously launched a solo career with moody pop songs such as "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)", whose theatrical storytelling foreshadowed her 1970s US Billboard Hot 100 number-one singles "Gypsys, Tramps & Thieves", "Half-Breed" and "Dark Lady". After a period of acting, she released the hair metal albums Cher (1987), Heart of Stone (1989) and Love Hurts (1991), scoring international top-ten hits "If I Could Turn Back Time" and "The Shoop Shoop Song (It's in His Kiss)". At 52, she released the dance-pop album Believe (1998), which introduced the "Cher effect"—a stylized use of Auto-Tune to distort vocals. Its title track became 1999's number-one song in the US and the UK's best-selling single by a female artist. In the 21st century, she released her highest-charting US Billboard 200 albums, Closer to the Truth (2013) and Dancing Queen (2018), each debuting at number three.
Cher became a TV star in the 1970s with her CBS variety shows The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour, which drew more than 30 million weekly viewers, and the solo Cher, on which she became the first woman to deliberately expose her navel on American television after fighting network censors. She later gained critical acclaim with her Broadway debut and the film adaptation of Come Back to the 5 & Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean (1982). Transitioning to film, she earned two Academy Award nominations—for Silkwood (1983) and Moonstruck (1987), winning Best Actress for the latter—and received the Cannes Film Festival's Best Actress Award for Mask (1985). Other starring roles include The Witches of Eastwick (1987), Mermaids (1990), If These Walls Could Talk (1996, her directorial debut), Tea with Mussolini (1999), Burlesque (2010) and Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again (2018).
One of the best-selling music artists in history, Cher has sold over 100 million records and is the only solo artist with number-one singles on the US Billboard charts in seven consecutive decades (1960s–2020s). Her accolades include two Grammy Awards—among them the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award—a Primetime Emmy Award, three Golden Globe Awards and the Kennedy Center Honors. She is the only performer to have won an Academy Award for acting and been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Her 2002–2005 Living Proof: The Farewell Tour was the highest-grossing concert tour by a female artist at the time, earning $250 million—about $410 million in 2025. Her life and career inspired the 2018 jukebox musical The Cher Show. Beyond entertainment, Cher is known for her progressive politics, status as a gay icon and advocacy for causes including LGBTQ rights and HIV/AIDS awareness.

Title: The Very Best of Cher
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Very_Best_of_Cher
Excerpt: The Very Best of Cher is the eighth compilation album by American singer-actress Cher, released on April 1, 2003. The album includes many of Cher's most popular songs, such as "If I Could Turn Back Time", "Believe", "Gypsies, Tramps and Thieves" and "Take Me Home". The original North American edition contains 21 tracks, while international reissues featured expanded track lists and alternate song selections. 
Released during Cher's Living Proof: The Farewell Tour, the compilation received favorable reviews from music critics, who praised its broad overview of the singer's career and its collection of hits spanning multiple decades. Commercially, the album became one of Cher's most successful compilations, reaching number four on the Billboard 200 and remaining on the chart for fifty-one weeks. By 2011, it had sold 2.8 million copies in the United States.

Title: The Very Best of Meat Loaf
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Very_Best_of_Meat_Loaf
Excerpt: The Very Best of Meat Loaf is a 1998 album spanning the first 21 years of Meat Loaf's recording career. Although not reaching the top ten in the United Kingdom, it was certified double platinum there in 2013. The album features many of Meat Loaf's best-known songs as well as a few from his lesser known albums of the 1980s.
Besides hits like "Paradise by the Dashboard Light" and "I'd Do Anything for Love (But I Won't Do That)", The Very Best of Meat Loaf contains three new tracks. Two of those are written by Andrew Lloyd Webber and Jim Steinman and are adapted from their musical Whistle Down the Wind; both of these tracks were produced by Steinman. The third new track, "Is Nothing Sacred" is written by Steinman and lyricist Don Black, and produced by Russ Titelman (the single version of this song is a duet with Patti Russo, whereas the album version is a solo song by Meat Loaf. The single version would later appear on the VH1 Storytellers CD).
Both Bat Out of Hell and Bat Out of Hell II: Back into Hell are prominently featured with five tracks from the first and four from the second. The album did not feature any songs from his 1986 album Blind Before I Stop.
The album was re-released in 2003 with the same tracks in a different order, and did so again in 2011 with the original order but now under the title The Essential Meat Loaf. Following an appearance on VH1 Storytellers in 1999 (which was released as an album and a DVD), Meat Loaf's next studio album was the 2003 album, Couldn't Have Said It Better.

Title: Believe (Cher song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Believe_(Cher_song)
Excerpt: "Believe" is a song by the American singer Cher from her 22nd studio album, Believe (1998). It was released as the lead single on October 19, 1998, by Warner Bros. Records. After circulating for months, a demo written by Brian Higgins, Matthew Gray, Stuart McLennen and Timothy Powell was submitted to Warner's chairman, Rob Dickins, while he was scouting for songs to include on Cher's new album. Aside from the chorus, Dickins was not impressed by the track so he enlisted two more writers, Steve Torch and Paul Barry, to complete it. Cher contributed some lyrics but did not receive any songwriting credit. Recording took place at Dreamhouse Studio in West London, while production was handled by Mark Taylor and Brian Rawling.
"Believe" is an upbeat dance-pop and electropop song and departed from Cher's previous music. It featured a pioneering use of the audio processing software Auto-Tune to distort her vocals, which was widely imitated and became known as the "Cher effect". The lyrics describe empowerment and self-sufficiency after a painful breakup. "Believe" received positive reviews; critics praised its production and catchiness, with some deeming it a highlight from the album. The song has been listed as one of Cher's most important releases. At the 42nd Annual Grammy Awards, it was nominated for Record of the Year and won Best Dance Recording, the first and only Grammy Award that Cher has won.
"Believe" topped the record charts in over 23 countries and has sold more than 11 million copies worldwide. It is Cher's most successful single, and one of the best-selling singles in music history. "Believe" was the biggest-selling song of 1998 in the United Kingdom, and remains the highest-selling single by a solo female artist there. In the United States, it was Cher's fifth number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and it topped the Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1999. The accompanying music video (directed by Nigel Dick) was nominated for Best Dance Video at the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards.
Cher has performed the song on many occasions, including the 1999 Brit Awards, the Sanremo Music Festival, as well as on several talk shows and variety programs (in America and abroad). It has since become a fan favorite, and a staple in the setlist of her concert tours. "Believe" has been covered by numerous artists, and it's also been sung or referenced in several feature films and scripted TV shows. Scholars and academics noted the way in which Cher was able to re-invent herself, and yet stay true to her image, while still being able to release music that was fresh and contemporary amidst the more "teen pop"-based music of the period. They also credited the song for restoring Cher's social popularity and further cementing her position as a pop icon. "Believe" earned Cher a place in the Guinness Book of World Records, and Rolling Stone listed it among the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time".

Title: Bonnie Tyler discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonnie_Tyler_discography
Excerpt: The discography of the Welsh singer Bonnie Tyler consists of 18 studio albums, three live albums, four extended plays, 83 singles, and several compilation albums.
After signing to RCA Records, Tyler's first single "My! My! Honeycomb" was released in 1976. Her first charting single was "Lost in France", which reached the Top 10 in the UK. Her most successful single with RCA was "It's a Heartache", which became her first hit in America. The song's sales are in excess of six million.
Tyler released four albums with RCA, and while they charted in mainland Europe and US, she would not make it onto the UK Albums Chart until the release of Faster Than the Speed of Night (1983). It contains Tyler's biggest hit record "Total Eclipse of the Heart", which peaked at number one in several countries including the UK and US. Her 1984 single "Holding Out for a Hero" was also a major hit on both sides of the Atlantic, having featured on the soundtrack to the movie Footloose.
In the 1990s, Tyler continued to have commercial success in Europe. She released three albums with Hansa – Bitterblue (1991), which was certified Platinum four times in Norway, Angel Heart (1992), and Silhouette in Red (1993). She then signed with EastWest and released two albums. Free Spirit (1995) became her first UK and US release since the 1980s. Her next album All in One Voice (1998) failed to chart worldwide. Her 2003 bilingual duet "Si demain... (Turn Around)" with Kareen Antonn became a number one hit in France.
Tyler's subsequent albums, Simply Believe and Wings, were both produced in France. Her 2013 Eurovision Song Contest entry "Believe in Me" became Tyler's first charting single in the UK since 1996. In 2019, Tyler released her seventeenth studio album, Between the Earth and the Stars, which peaked at no. 34 in the UK. Her eighteenth album, The Best Is Yet to Come, followed on 26 February 2021.