Title: Classics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classics
Excerpt: Classics, also known as classical studies or ancient Greek and Roman studies, is the study of classical antiquity. In the Western world, classics traditionally refers to the study of ancient Greek and Roman literature and their original languages, Ancient Greek and Latin. Classics may also include as secondary subjects Greco-Roman philosophy, history, archaeology, anthropology, architecture, art, mythology, and society.
In Western civilization, the study of the ancient Greek and Roman classics was considered the foundation of the humanities, and they traditionally have been the cornerstone of an elite higher education.

Title: Classical Christian education
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_Christian_education
Excerpt: Classical Christian education is a learning approach popularized in the late 20th century that emphasizes biblical teachings and incorporates a teaching model from the classical education movement known as the Trivium, consisting of three parts: grammar, logic, and rhetoric.
According to Douglas Wilson this method of instruction was developed by early Christians as part of the Seven Liberal Arts. Wilson's writings and the Logos School he founded have been cited as being influential in reviving the Trivium and fueling a modern educational movement, primarily among American Protestants.
Classical Christian education is characterized by a reliance on classical works by authors such as Homer, Democritus, Sophocles, Plato, Plotinus, Josephus, Dante, Pythagoras and Shakespeare, and an integration of a Christian worldview into all subjects.  In addition, classical Christian education exposes students to Western Civilization's history, art and culture, teaching Latin as early as the second grade and often offering several years of Greek.

Title: Classical education
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_education
Excerpt: Classical education may refer to:

Modern, educational practices and educational movements:
An education in the Classics, especially in Ancient Greek and Latin
Classical education movement, based on the trivium (grammar, logic, rhetoric) and quadrivium (astronomy, arithmetic, music and geometry)
Classical Christian education, an application of the classical education movement with an emphasis on the Christian faith
Classical Islamic education, see:
Madrasah
Ijazah
Historical, educational practices and values:
Education in ancient Greece
Education in ancient Rome
The curriculum of the Middle Ages, see Medieval university
Classical Chinese education, see:
Imperial examination
Scholar-bureaucrats

Title: Classical education movement
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classical_education_movement
Excerpt: The classical education movement or renewal advocates for a return to a traditional European education based on the liberal arts (including the natural sciences), the Western canons of classical literature, the fine arts, and the history of Western civilization. It focuses on human formation and paideia with an early emphasis on music, gymnastics, recitation, imitation, and grammar. Multiple organizations support classical education in charter schools, in independent faith-based schools, and in home education. This movement has inspired several graduate programs and colleges as well as a new peer-reviewed journal, Principia: A Journal of Classical Education.

Title: Academy for Classical Education
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Academy_for_Classical_Education
Excerpt: Academy for Classical Education is a charter school in Macon, Georgia, that was originally part of the Bibb County School District. The school serves students in kindergarten to 12th grade. The student body is about 70 percent white, 16 percent African American and 8 percent Asian while Macon itself is about 70 percent African American and 25 percent white. It is highly ranked and in 2020 it was designated a National Blue Ribbon School by the United States Department of Education.
The school was established in 2014 and in 2019, it separated from local school district oversight to become a State Commissioned Charter School. While this led to improvements in budget and curriculum, it also led to changes in admission and eligibility. In 2021, U.S. News recognized it as one of the best charter schools in the country.