Title: Flirting with Disaster (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flirting_with_Disaster_(film)
Excerpt: Flirting with Disaster is a 1996 American black comedy film written and directed by David O. Russell about a young father's search for his biological parents. It stars Ben Stiller, Patricia Arquette, Téa Leoni, Alan Alda, Mary Tyler Moore, George Segal, Lily Tomlin and Richard Jenkins. It was screened out of competition in the Special Screenings section at the 1996 Cannes Film Festival.

Title: Three Kings (1999 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three_Kings_(1999_film)
Excerpt: Three Kings is a 1999 black comedy war film written and directed by David O. Russell from a story by John Ridley. It stars George Clooney, Mark Wahlberg, Ice Cube, and Spike Jonze as four American soldiers on a gold heist that takes place during the 1991 uprisings in Iraq against Saddam Hussein following the end of the First Gulf War.
Three Kings was released on October 1, 1999, in the United States and on January 13, 2000 in Australia. Warner Bros. distributed the film worldwide, while Roadshow Films distributed the film in Australia and New Zealand. The film received critical acclaim and grossed $107.7 million against a $48 million budget.

Title: I Heart Huckabees
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I_Heart_Huckabees
Excerpt: I Heart Huckabees (stylized as i ♥ huckabees; also I Love Huckabees) is a 2004 philosophical comedy-drama film directed and produced by David O. Russell, who cowrote the screenplay with Jeff Baena.
A self-described "existential comedy", I Heart Huckabees follows a pair of detectives (Dustin Hoffman and Lily Tomlin) hired to investigate the meaning of the life of their clients (Jude Law, Jason Schwartzman, Mark Wahlberg and Naomi Watts). As the different investigations cross paths, their rival and nemesis (Isabelle Huppert) tries to drag their clients into her own views on the meaning of their lives.

Title: American Hustle
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Hustle
Excerpt: American Hustle is a 2013 American black comedy crime film directed by David O. Russell. It was written by Eric Warren Singer and Russell and inspired by the FBI Abscam operation of the late 1970s and early 1980s. It stars Christian Bale and Amy Adams as two con artists forced by an FBI agent (Bradley Cooper) to set up an elaborate sting operation on corrupt politicians, including the mayor of Camden, New Jersey (Jeremy Renner). Jennifer Lawrence plays the unpredictable wife of Bale's character. Principal photography took place from March to May 2013 in Boston and Worcester, Massachusetts, as well as New York City.
American Hustle was released nationwide in the United States on December 13, 2013. The film opened to critical acclaim on release, with praise for its screenplay and the performances of the ensemble cast. It emerged as a major commercial success at the box office, grossing $251 million worldwide on a budget of $40 million.
American Hustle received a leading ten nominations at the 86th Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director (for Russell), Best Actor (for Bale), Best Actress (for Adams), Best Supporting Actor (for Cooper), and Best Supporting Actress (for Lawrence), but failed to win any. At the 67th British Academy Film Awards, the film received ten nominations and won three, including Best Actress in a Supporting Role (for Lawrence). The ensemble cast won Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture at the 20th Screen Actors Guild Awards, with Lawrence receiving an additional nomination for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role.

Title: David O. Russell's unrealized projects
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_O._Russell%27s_unrealized_projects
Excerpt: During his career, film director David O. Russell has worked on a number of projects which never progressed beyond the pre-production stage under his direction. Some of these productions fell in development hell or were cancelled.