Title: Windmill Hill, Kent
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windmill_Hill,_Kent
Excerpt: Windmill Hill is an area of Gravesend, Kent. It is named for its erstwhile windmills, offers extensive views across the Thames, and was a popular spot for Victorian visitors to the town, because of the Camera obscura installed in the old mill and for its tea gardens and other amusements. 
The hill was the site of a beacon in 1377, which was instituted by Richard II, and still in use 200 years later at the time of the Spanish Armada, although the hill was then known as "Rouge Hill". A modern beacon was erected and lit, by then-Mayor Peter Hart, during 1988, for the 400th anniversary of the defeat of the Spanish Armada.
During the reign of Elizabeth I the first windmill was placed on top the highest point in Gravesend, 179 ft (55 m) above the high water mark of the river. One mill burnt down in 1763, but was replaced the following year and was demolished, having become derelict, in 1894 - the last surviving windmill on the hill. The adjacent public house was destroyed by fire during Mafeking Night celebrations in 1900.
In August 1606 King James, Anne of Denmark, her brother Christian IV of Denmark, and Prince Henry came to Upnor Castle. They had dinner aboard the Elizabeth Jonas. After dinner they took coaches to Windmill Hill to watch naval cannon salutes.
During World War I a German airship passed over Windmill Hill and dropped bombs on it. Today there are three markers indicating where these bombs struck.
Windmill Hill is one of Gravesham's 24 conservation areas.  The 'Windmill Hill Association', Gravesham Borough Council looks after matters related to the area and holds regular meetings to discuss local issues.

Title: Atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atomic_bombings_of_Hiroshima_and_Nagasaki
Excerpt: On 6 and 9 August 1945, the United States detonated two atomic bombs over the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, respectively, during the final days of World War II. The aerial bombings killed 150,000 to 246,000 people, most of whom were civilians, and remain the first and only uses of nuclear weapons in an armed conflict.
In the final year of World War II, the Allies prepared for a costly invasion of the Japanese mainland. This undertaking was preceded by a conventional bombing and firebombing campaign that devastated 64 Japanese cities, including an operation on Tokyo. The war in Europe concluded when Germany surrendered on 8 May 1945, and the Allies turned their full attention to the Pacific War. By July 1945, the Allies' Manhattan Project had produced two types of atomic bombs: "Little Boy", an enriched uranium gun-type fission weapon, and "Fat Man", a plutonium implosion-type nuclear weapon. The 509th Composite Group of the U.S. Army Air Forces was trained and equipped with the specialized Silverplate version of the Boeing B-29 Superfortress, and deployed to Tinian in the Mariana Islands. The Allies called for the unconditional surrender of the Imperial Japanese Armed Forces in the Potsdam Declaration on 26 July 1945, the alternative being "prompt and utter destruction". The Japanese government ignored the ultimatum. Japan announced its surrender to the Allies on 15 August, six days after the bombing of Nagasaki and the Soviet Union's declaration of war against Japan and invasion of Manchuria. The Japanese government signed an instrument of surrender on 2 September, ending the war.
The consent of the United Kingdom was obtained for the bombing, as was required by the Quebec Agreement, and orders were issued on 25 July by General Thomas T. Handy, the acting chief of staff of the U.S. Army, for atomic bombs to be used on Hiroshima, Kokura, Niigata, and Nagasaki. These targets were chosen because they were large urban areas that also held significant military facilities. On 6 August, a Little Boy was dropped on Hiroshima. Three days later, a Fat Man was dropped on Nagasaki. Over the next two to four months, the effects of the atomic bombings killed 90,000 to 166,000 people in Hiroshima and 60,000 to 80,000 people in Nagasaki; roughly half the deaths occurred on the first day. For months afterward, many people continued to die from the effects of burns, radiation sickness, and other injuries, compounded by illness and malnutrition. Despite Hiroshima's sizable military garrison, estimated at 24,000 troops, some 90% of the dead were civilians.
Scholars have extensively studied the effects of the bombings on the social and political character of subsequent world history and popular culture, and there is still much debate concerning the ethical and legal justification for the bombings as well as their ramifications of geopolitics especially with the context of the Cold War. Supporters argue that the atomic bombings were necessary to bring an end to the war with minimal casualties and ultimately prevented a greater loss of life on both sides, and also assert that the demonstration of atomic weaponry created the Long Peace in the interest of preventing a nuclear war. Conversely, critics argue that the bombings were unnecessary for the war's end and were a war crime, raising moral and ethical implications, and also assert that future use of atomic weaponry is more likely than anticipated and could lead to a nuclear holocaust.

Title: Boston Marathon bombing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boston_Marathon_bombing
Excerpt: The Boston Marathon bombing, sometimes referred to as simply the Boston bombing, was an Islamist domestic terrorist attack that took place during the 117th annual Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. Four hours into the race, Tamerlan Tsarnaev and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev detonated two homemade pressure cooker bombs containing explosives and steel shrapnel. The bombs were hidden inside two backpacks dropped in the cheering crowds just minutes prior, and remotely detonated near the finish line of the race in central Boston, 14 seconds and 210 yards (190 m) apart. Three people were killed and hundreds were injured, including 12 victims who suffered traumatic limb amputations.
On April 18, 2013, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) released images of two suspects in the bombing. The two suspects were later identified as the Tsarnaev brothers. Late on the evening of April 18, the brothers killed an MIT policeman, Sean Collier, in a failed attempt to steal Collier's service pistol, and proceeded to commit a carjacking close by. They engaged in a shootout with police in nearby Watertown, during which two officers were severely injured (one of the officers, Dennis Simmonds, died a year later from his injuries). Dzhokhar was struck in the face by a bullet, and Tamerlan was shot in the limbs and torso several times, followed by Dzhokhar striking him at high speed by the stolen car while attempting to run over police officers. Tamerlan was dragged down the road while stuck under the car, and died in a hospital soon after.
An unprecedented search for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev ensued, with thousands of law enforcement officers in tactical gear searching door-to-door in a roughly 20-block area of Watertown. Residents of Watertown and surrounding communities were asked to stay indoors. The public transportation systems, along with local businesses and public places, were closed or shut down. After a brief manhunt, a Watertown resident called 911 and alerted the police of the possible presence of Dzhokhar, who had climbed and hidden inside a boat under a white tarp, in his backyard. He was shot at and suffered multiple additional gunshot wounds during a several hours long standoff, which involved the use of armored vehicles, before surrendering. The police then took him into custody on the evening of April 19.
During questioning, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev acknowledged his role in the bombings. He said that he and his brother were motivated by the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, that they were self-radicalized and unconnected to any outside terrorist groups, and that he was merely following his brother's lead. He said the brothers learned to build explosive devices from Inspire, the online magazine of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. He also said that they had intended to travel to New York City to bomb Times Square. In April 2015, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted of all 30 charges in federal court, including the use of a weapon of mass destruction and malicious destruction of property resulting in death. Two months later, he was sentenced to the death penalty. The sentence was upheld on appeal by the Supreme Court of the United States on March 4, 2022. Dzhokhar has remained on death row ever since, and is currently incarcerated in the United States' maximum security prison, ADX Florence.

Title: Inglis Barracks
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inglis_Barracks
Excerpt: Inglis Barracks was a military installation in Mill Hill, London, NW7.  It was also referred to as Mill Hill Barracks.  The site has been redeveloped and now contains a variety of modern housing.

Title: Israeli bombing of the Gaza Strip
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israeli_bombing_of_the_Gaza_Strip
Excerpt: The Israeli Air Force has conducted numerous concerted aerial bombardment campaigns on the Gaza Strip during the Gaza war. Since the de jure enactment of a ceasefire in October 2025, strikes have continued but have become less frequent.
The bombing, combined with other simultaneous Israeli military actions in Gaza, killed at least 72,000 Palestinians (mostly civilians), which is between 3% and 4% of the total population of the territory, and damaged or destroyed Palestinian schools, hospitals, mosques, churches, and other civilian infrastructure including refugee camps.
Israel said the bombing was targeted, and by October 2024, Israel said it bombed 40,000 targets in the Gaza Strip. According to Israeli military intelligence members, if a specific target was given to the air force to bomb, that target was usually a family home; they said the method of generating targets was that a list of persons considered likely to be militants was generated by software, and their family homes were chosen as targets.
By one estimate, as of April 2024 the bomb tonnage dropped on Gaza was more than 70,000 tonnes, surpassing the combined bomb tonnage dropped on Dresden, Hamburg, and London in World War II. Satellite imagery showed at least 69% of all buildings were damaged or destroyed, which surpasses the scale of destruction in Cologne and Dresden and approaches that of Hamburg during World War II. An analysis in The Lancet concluded that, as of January 2025, official figures significantly under-report mortality; the analysis estimated 64,260 deaths from traumatic injury up to 30 June 2024, and when extended to October 2024 likely exceeding 70,000. The recorded death toll, per the Gaza Health Ministry and as of August 2026, is over 73,000, not including those missing and presumed dead. Researchers have estimated the percentage of civilians among the fatalities at not less than 80%.
The aerial bombing and artillery shelling campaign has been accompanied or followed by destruction of infrastructure by other means. Areas including Rafah have been razed to the ground in a planned way, by means of controlled demolitions and bulldozing.
Israel has faced accusations of war crimes and genocide due to the large number of civilian casualties and the large percentage of civilian infrastructure destroyed. Israel ordered civilians evacuate, and threatened that civilians who did not evacuate would be considered "an accomplice in a terrorist organisation", thus implying legitimacy for their bombing. Israel stated that its struck targets were used by Hamas, but an Airwars analysis did not find evidence of militant presence in most Israeli airstrikes in October 2023. The United Nations reported that 86% of the Gaza Strip was under Israeli evacuation orders. Satellite data analysis indicated that 80% of the buildings in northern Gaza had been damaged or destroyed.