Title: Big Trouble in Little China
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_Trouble_in_Little_China
Excerpt: Big Trouble in Little China (also known as John Carpenter's Big Trouble in Little China) is a 1986 American fantasy action-comedy film directed by John Carpenter, and starring Kurt Russell, Kim Cattrall, Dennis Dun and James Hong. The film tells the story of truck driver Jack Burton (Russell), who helps his friend Wang Chi (Dun) rescue Wang's green-eyed fiancée from bandits in San Francisco's Chinatown. They go into the mysterious underworld beneath Chinatown, where they face an ancient sorcerer named David Lo Pan (Hong), who requires a woman with green eyes to marry him in order to be released from a centuries-old curse.
Although the original screenplay by first-time screenwriters Gary Goldman and David Z. Weinstein was envisioned as a Western set in the 1880s, screenwriter W. D. Richter was hired to rewrite the script extensively and modernize it. The studio hired Carpenter to direct the film and rushed Big Trouble in Little China into production so that it would be released before a similarly themed Eddie Murphy film, The Golden Child, which was slated to come out around the same time. The project fulfilled Carpenter's long-standing desire to make a martial arts film.
Despite receiving generally positive reviews, the film was a commercial failure, grossing $11.1 million in North America, below its estimated $19 to $25 million budget. This left Carpenter disillusioned with Hollywood and influenced his decision to return to independent filmmaking. In later years, the film gained a steady audience on home video.

Title: Nudity in film
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nudity_in_film
Excerpt: Nudity in film has been a topic of discussion and debate since the beginning of film as a medium. It may be obvious or merely suggestive, such as when a person appears to be naked but is covered by a sheet. It is a distinct topic from sex in film, as many films contain nudity in a non-sexual context, although nudity is almost always present in pornographic films, and are commonly seen in erotic films.
Nude scenes are considered controversial in many cultures because they often challenge a community's standards of modesty. These standards vary by culture and depend on the type of nudity, who is exposed, which parts of the body are exposed, the duration of the exposure, the posing, the context, or other aspects.
Nudity in film may be subject to censorship or rating regimes that control the content of films. Many directors and producers apply self-censorship, limiting nudity (and other content) in their films to avoid censorship or a strict rating.

Title: List of actors who have played multiple roles in the same film
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_actors_who_have_played_multiple_roles_in_the_same_film
Excerpt: This is a list of actors who have played multiple roles in the same film. This does not include:

Actors who play a character with multiple names and/or a secret identity (e.g. superheroes);
Actors who play multiple copies of a single character (e.g. Hugo Weaving as Agent Smith in The Matrix franchise). However, dual roles (e.g. Jeff Bridges as Kevin Flynn and Clu in Tron) and clone characters (e.g. Temuera Morrison as Jango Fett and the Clone troopers in Star Wars: Episode II – Attack of the Clones) are included in this list;
Voice actors who do not physically appear on screen in multiple roles (e.g. in The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, John Rhys-Davies portrays Gimli on screen, but Treebeard is only voiced by him);
Non-speaking extras, background artists or stock characters (e.g. Redshirts);
Compilation films (e.g. Charlie Chaplin Festival), or anthology films with separate, unconnected stories (e.g. Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask)).

Title: Timothée Chalamet
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timoth%C3%A9e_Chalamet
Excerpt: Timothée Hal Chalamet (born December 27, 1995) is an American and French actor. Known for his work in a diverse range of blockbusters and independent films, he is the recipient of numerous accolades including an Actor Award, a Golden Globe Award, and two Critics' Choice Awards, in addition to nominations for four Academy Awards, six BAFTAs, and a Grammy Award. His films as a leading actor have grossed over US$2.3 billion worldwide.
Chalamet began his career in television, appearing in the drama series Homeland. In 2014, while a student at Columbia University, he made his film debut in the comedy-drama Men, Women & Children and appeared in Christopher Nolan's science fiction film Interstellar. Chalamet came to international attention with the lead role of a lovestruck teenager in Luca Guadagnino's coming-of-age film Call Me by Your Name (2017), earning him his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actor, and becoming the third-youngest nominee in the category. He gained further recognition for his supporting roles in Greta Gerwig's films Lady Bird (2017) and Little Women (2019), as well as for portraying Nic Sheff in the biopic Beautiful Boy (2018).
Chalamet began leading big-budget films, starring as Paul Atreides in Denis Villeneuve's Dune trilogy and Willy Wonka in the musical fantasy film Wonka (2023). He earned consecutive Academy Award nominations for his portrayal of Bob Dylan in the biographical drama A Complete Unknown (2024) and his starring role as a table tennis player in Josh Safdie's sports comedy film Marty Supreme (2025). The former also earned him the SAG Award for Best Actor, while the latter won him the Critics' Choice Award and Golden Globe Award for Best Actor, making him the youngest recipient of each award.
On stage, Chalamet starred in John Patrick Shanley's autobiographical play Prodigal Son in 2016, for which he won a Lucille Lortel Award and gained a nomination for a Drama League Award. Offscreen, he has been labeled as a sex symbol and a fashion icon.

Title: 2026 in film
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2026_in_film
Excerpt: 2026 in film is an overview of events in the film industry scheduled to occur in 2026. Best Picture Academy Award-winners All Quiet on the Western Front and Cimarron entered the public domain this year.