Title: 2004 Summer Olympics medal table
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_Summer_Olympics_medal_table
Excerpt: The 2004 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXVIII Olympiad, were a summer multi-sport event held in Athens, the capital city of Greece, from 13 to 29 August 2004. A total of 10,625 athletes from a record 201 countries represented by National Olympic Committees (NOC) participated in these games. The games featured 301 events in 28 sports and 39 disciplines, including the Olympic debuts of women's wrestling and women's sabre. Kiribati and Timor Leste competed for the first time in these Olympic Games. It was the second time after 1896 that Athens had hosted the Summer Olympics in the modern era.
Athletes from 74 countries won at least one medal and 56 of them won at least one gold medal. The United States led the medal table both in number of gold medals won and in overall medals, winning 36 and 101 respectively. It was the third consecutive Summer Olympic Games that the United States led the medal count in both gold and overall medals.  The United Arab Emirates, Paraguay and Eritrea won their first ever Olympic medals. Israel, Chile, Dominican Republic, Georgia, Chinese Taipei and the United Arab Emirates won their first Olympic gold medals. American swimmer Michael Phelps won the most gold medals among individual participants with six and the most total medals with eight (six gold and two bronze), equalling the record held by Soviet gymnast Alexander Dityatin in 1980 for the most medals won at an Olympic Games.
During and after the Games, some athletes who were caught doping, or tested positive for banned substances, were disqualified from competition and had their medals rescinded.

Title: 2016 Summer Olympics medal table
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_Summer_Olympics_medal_table
Excerpt: The 2016 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXI Olympiad, and officially branded as Rio 2016, were an international multi-sport event held from 5 to 21 August 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, with preliminary events in some sports beginning on 3 August. 11,238 athletes representing 207 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) participated, including first-time entrants Kosovo, South Sudan, and the Refugee Olympic Team. The games featured 306 medal events in 28 sports and 41 disciplines. The 2016 Summer Games were the first Olympics to be held in South America.
Athletes representing 87 NOCs received at least one medal, breaking the record of most NOCs winning a medal at a single edition of the Olympics. Athletes from 59 nations earned gold medals at these games, also breaking the record for the most nations winning gold at a single games. Bahrain, Fiji, Ivory Coast, Jordan, Kosovo, Puerto Rico, Singapore, Tajikistan, and Vietnam won their first Olympic gold medals. They were also the first Olympic medals of any kind for Fiji, Jordan, and Kosovo. Kuwaiti shooter Fehaid Al-Deehani became the first independent athlete to win a gold medal.
The United States led the medal table both in number of gold medals won and in overall medals, winning 46 and 121 respectively. American swimmer Michael Phelps won the most gold medals at the games with five and the most total medals with six (five gold, one silver). This marked the fourth consecutive Summer Olympic Games in which Phelps led all athletes in gold and total medals.

Title: 2012 Summer Olympics medal table
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_Summer_Olympics_medal_table
Excerpt: The 2012 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXX Olympiad, was a summer multi-sport event held in London, the capital of the United Kingdom, from 27 July to 12 August. A total of 10,768 athletes from 204 nations participated in 302 medal events in 26 sports across 39 different disciplines.
Overall, 86 nations received at least one medal, and 55 of them won at least one gold medal. Athletes from the United States won the most medals overall, with 105, and the most gold medals, with 48. The latter record is the largest gold medal haul for the country at a non-US-hosted Olympics. Host nation Great Britain won 29 gold medals and 65 overall medals, making it the most successful Olympics performance for that nation since the 1908 edition.
Michael Phelps and Missy Franklin won the most gold medals at the Games with four each. Phelps also won the highest number of medals overall, winning six in total. Bahrain, Botswana, Cyprus, Gabon, Grenada, Guatemala, and Montenegro all won their first Olympic medals, with Bahrain and Grenada as well as Serbia winning their nation's first Olympic gold medal. Previously, Montenegrin athletes had competed as nationals of Serbia and Montenegro and of Yugoslavia. Taekwondo athlete Milica Mandić from Serbia won the first Olympic gold medal as an independent nation.
During and after the Games, many athletes who were caught doping, or tested positive for banned substances, were disqualified from competition and had their medals revoked. To date, 43 medals have been stripped, with Russia accounting for 20 of those.

Title: Swimming at the 2016 Summer Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swimming_at_the_2016_Summer_Olympics
Excerpt: The swimming competitions at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro took place from 6 to 13 August at the Olympic Aquatics Stadium.

Title: 2016 Summer Paralympics medal table
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2016_Summer_Paralympics_medal_table
Excerpt: The medal table of the 2016 Summer Paralympics ranks the participating National Paralympic Committees (NPCs) by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the competition. The 2016 Paralympics was the fifteenth Games to be held, a quadrennial competition open to athletes with physical and intellectual disabilities. The games were held in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from 7 September to 18 September.
Athletes from 63 NPCs won at least one gold medal, with a total of 83 having won at least one medal of any colour. Athletes from Cape Verde, Georgia, Mozambique, Qatar, Uganda, and Vietnam won their first Paralympic medals. Of those nations, the National Olympic Committee of Cape Verde had had never won an Olympic medal until 2024. Kazakhstan won their first medals at the Summer Paralympics, having previously won a silver medal at the Winter Paralympic Games. Georgia, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Uzbekistan, and Vietnam won their first Paralympic gold medals.
For the fourth consecutive games, China topped the table, with 107 gold medals and 239 in total; their best result of any games to date. Great Britain followed in second place, with 64 gold and 147 total medals. Ukraine finished in third place, with 41 gold and 117 total medals, its most medals and highest finish to date.