Title: Championship Auto Racing Teams
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Championship_Auto_Racing_Teams
Excerpt: Championship Auto Racing Teams (CART) was a sanctioning body for American open-wheel car racing that operated from 1979 until dissolving after the 2003 season. CART was founded in 1979 by team owners formerly from the United States Auto Club (USAC) Championship Car division. The owners disagreed with the direction and leadership of USAC. They developed a then-novel business model of team owners sanctioning and promoting their own series collectively rather than relying on a neutral governing body to do so.
While the CART owners broke off to form their own series, the sport's biggest race and centerpiece – the Indianapolis 500 – remained under the sanctioning control of USAC. During the 1980s and 1990s, the CART Indy Car World Series became the pre-eminent open-wheel auto racing series in North America. It featured a diverse schedule of superspeedways, short ovals, road courses, and street circuits. The CART-based teams continued to compete at the Indianapolis 500, essentially as a one-off race each season. From 1983 to 1995, an arrangement was put in place in which the Indy 500 would count in the CART championship points standings. Though it was still sanctioned by USAC, the Indy 500 was effectively part of the CART season schedule.
Even as the series prospered, concerns about costs, competitiveness, and revenue sharing began to create opposition to CART's organizational structure. Attempts at reform, which saw the company rebranded as IndyCar in 1992 and a compromise board formed, failed. In 1996, an open wheel "split" saw the newly created Indy Racing League (IRL) take full control over the Indianapolis 500 and start a competing oval-based open-wheel series. CART ceased using the IndyCar name but continued its series without participating in the Indianapolis 500.
The "split" saw a dramatic drop in interest in open wheel racing in the United States, which was compounded by the growing popularity of NASCAR, creating a downward trend in sponsorship and attendance at some tracks. After a series of additional setbacks in the early 2000s, several of the major teams and manufacturers defected to the rival IRL. CART went bankrupt at the end of the 2003 season.
In 2004, a trio of team owners acquired the assets of the series from bankruptcy, rebranding it the Champ Car World Series (CCWS). Continuing financial difficulties caused Champ Car to file for bankruptcy before its planned 2008 season; CART and CCWS assets and history were merged into the IRL's IndyCar Series.

Title: Tasman Motorsports
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tasman_Motorsports
Excerpt: Tasman Motorsports Group is a former racing team that was owned by Steve Horne, a long-time motorsport figure who spent most of his career in the United States.
Previously the team was an American-based open-wheel racing team that competed in the Indy Lights series and, most notably, the CART series from 1995 to 1998. Tasman was one of the first teams to successfully field a Honda powered entry. Honda had entered CART the prior year with Rahal-Hogan Racing, with very little success.
In the team's first and only Indianapolis 500 in 1995, Tasman driver Scott Goodyear led the race with 10 laps to go, but was subsequently black-flagged for passing the pace car while it was still on the track at the end of a caution period and relegated to 14th place. André Ribeiro captured the team's first win and Honda's first in CART later that season at the New Hampshire International Speedway.
The following season, Ribeiro won a pair of races and teammate Adrian Fernández won once. They finished eleventh and twelfth in points respectively. However, in 1997, the team's Lola chassis were clearly off the pace and Ribeiro switched to Reynards midway through the season.
The team pared back to a single car in 1998 and hired rookie Tony Kanaan — who captured the Indy Lights championship for Tasman the previous season  — to drive. Kanaan finished ninth in points with a best finish of third, winning the Jim Trueman Rookie of the Year award. However, the team lost its LCI sponsorship and 1998 would be its last season in the US.

Title: 2000 CART FedEx Championship Series
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2000_CART_FedEx_Championship_Series
Excerpt: The 2000 FedEx Championship Series season was the twenty-second in the Championship Auto Racing Teams (CART) era of American open-wheel car racing. It consisted of 20 races, beginning in Homestead, Florida on March 26, 2000 and concluding in Fontana, California on October 30, 2000. The FedEx Championship Series Drivers' Champion was Gil de Ferran. The Rookie of the Year was Kenny Bräck.
The relative decline of Chip Ganassi Racing and an atypical parity among the major engine and chassis builders led to the most wide-open championship race in the history of the series, with seven different winners in the first seven races of the year and 11 drivers winning a race. From 1997–1999, only two drivers came within 50 points of the champion, 9 would do so in 2000.
Penske Racing returned to prominence using Honda engines and abandoning their house chassis for a Reynard 2KI. Gil de Ferran and Helio Castroneves (the latter signed following the death of Greg Moore), combined for 5 wins, 4 of which were on the road courses the team had not been competitive on in their previous chassis and engine. Veterans Michael Andretti and Paul Tracy, who were 1 and 2 in the championship after the Vancouver round, would fall short after poor finishes down the stretch. Most surprising of all to observers was the return to prominence of Patrick Racing, with veterans Adrian Fernandez and Roberto Moreno finishing second and third respectively in the championship.
Off the track, while CART remained fiscally strong, anxiety regarding the series' decline in prominence led to the ouster of CEO Andrew Craig at the midpoint of the season, leading to his replacement by Bobby Rahal. The series left open the traditional Indianapolis 500 date of Memorial Day, allowing teams to enter the Indy Racing League-sanctioned race for the first time since 1995. Chip Ganassi Racing did so, with their driver Juan Pablo Montoya winning the race handily with purchased IRL equipment. While a competitive triumph for CART, Ganassi's efforts showed the continuing allure of the 500 for CART teams and their sponsors. 2000 would also be the final season for DaimlerChrysler via the Mercedes-Benz brand as an engine manufacturer, after DaimlerChrysler decided to shut down their CART program and coincidentally defected to the NASCAR Winston Cup Series via the Dodge brand in 2001.

Title: 1997 CART PPG World Series
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1997_CART_PPG_World_Series
Excerpt: The 1997 CART PPG World Series season was the nineteenth in the Championship Auto Racing Teams (CART) era of American open-wheel car racing. It consisted of 17 races,  beginning in Homestead, Florida on March 2 and concluding in Fontana, California on September 28.  The PPG CART World Series Drivers' Champion was Alex Zanardi.  Rookie of the Year was Patrick Carpentier. Mercedes-Benz won their first and only CART engine-manufacturer's title.
After a settlement with the Indianapolis Motor Speedway, CART relinquished its license of the "IndyCar" trademark for 1997 and beyond. As a result, the series was renamed for the first time since 1980. The CART term, which had been mostly eschewed since 1992, was brought back and embraced, a new logo was unveiled, and participants were encouraged to refer to the machines of the CART series as "Champ Cars". The revival of the historic term (and curtailing the use of the mostly generic term "Indy cars") helped to differentiate the machines from those of the rival Indy Racing League, and was part of a concerted and necessary effort to distance the series from the Indianapolis 500, to which it no longer had any link. This was also the last year of title sponsorship by PPG Industries, although the Driver's Championship continued to be known as the PPG Cup until 1999. This was the first season since 1983 not to feature Emerson Fittipaldi.

Title: IndyCar Rookie of the Year
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IndyCar_Rookie_of_the_Year
Excerpt: The IndyCar Rookie of the Year Award is presented to the first-year driver that has the best season in a IndyCar Series season.
The following lists compiling all the winners of the Rookie of the Year Award in open wheel American Championship Car Racing from 1946 season to the present day. Before the creation of Championship Auto Racing Teams the prize is not officially awarded. So all of the AAA and USAC winners of the Rookie of the Year award is not officially recognized.
As of the 2022 IndyCar Series season, a driver is a Rookie Driver in the IndyCar Series if the driver has:
A) not participated in more than four (4) IndyCar Series races in a Racing Season or 
B) participated in less than eight (8) IndyCar Series races in his/her career.
The list of "Indy car", "Champ Car", or "IndyCar" rookies under the following auspices:

American Automobile Association Contest Board (1946–1955)
United States Automobile Club (1956–1980)
Championship Auto Racing Teams (1979–2007)
Indy Racing League/IndyCar Series (1997–present)