Title: Vestfold
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vestfold
Excerpt: Vestfold (pronounced [ˈvɛ̂stfɔɫ] ) is a  county in Eastern Norway. Located on the western shore of the Oslofjord, it borders Buskerud and Telemark counties. The capital and largest city of the county is Tønsberg, Norway's oldest city. With the exception of the city-county of Oslo, Vestfold is the smallest county in Norway by area.
Vestfold is located west of the Oslofjord, as the name indicates. It includes many smaller, but well-known towns in Norway, such as Holmestrand, Horten, Åsgårdstrand, Tønsberg, Sandefjord, Larvik and Stavern; these towns run from Oslo in an almost constant belt of urban areas along the coast, ending in Grenland in neighbouring county Telemark. The river Numedalslågen runs through the county. Many islands are located at the coast. Vestfold is mostly dominated by lowland and is among the best agricultural areas of Norway. Winters last about three months, while pleasant summer temperatures last from May to September, with a July average high of 17 °C (63 °F).
Vestfold is traditionally known for shipping and sailing. Sandefjord was formerly a headquarters for the Norwegian whaling fleet, and Horten used to be Norway's main naval port. The coastal towns of Vestfold now engage in fishing and shipbuilding. Some lumbering is carried on in the interior. The area also includes some of the best farmland in Norway.
Vestfold merged with neighboring Telemark on 1 January 2020 as part of a nationwide municipal reform. The new county was Vestfold og Telemark. Vestfold was re-established on 1 January 2024, following a vote of the county council of Vestfold og Telemark on 15 February 2022 to split the newly established county into its respective counties that existed before the merger took place; Telemark and Vestfold. 
Vestfold was until 2019 the only county in which all municipalities had declared Bokmål to be their sole official written form of the Norwegian language. From its re-establishment in 2024, Vestfold is the only county in Norway to have Bokmål as the official written form.

Title: Tønsberg
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/T%C3%B8nsberg
Excerpt: Tønsberg (pronounced [ˈtœ̂nsbær(ɡ)] ), historically Tunsberg, is a city in Tønsberg Municipality in Vestfold county, Norway. It is located about 102 kilometres (63 miles) south-southwest of the capital city of Oslo on the western coast of the Oslofjord near its mouth onto the Skagerrak. The city is the most populous metropolis in Vestfold county. Tønsberg also serves as the administrative centre for Vestfold county and the seat of the County Governor of Vestfold og Telemark.

Tønsberg is generally regarded as the oldest city in Norway, founded in the 9th century. Snorri Sturluson mentions the town in Harald Hårfagre's saga (written around 1220) before the battle at Hafrsfjord, which historians have traditionally dated to the year 872, therefore the town was in existence by 871 at the latest. This dating is again based on Are Frode's book, Íslendingabók. Using this information, Tønsberg celebrated its one-thousandth anniversary in 1871 and its 1100th anniversary in 1971. Archaeological findings confirm that there was a farm settlement in Tønsberg at the end of the 8th century, which likely developed into a town during the early 9th century.
The 26.31-square-kilometre (6,500-acre) city has a population (2023) of 55,387 and a population density of 2,105 inhabitants per square kilometre (5,450/sq mi). The city has actually grown to the south onto the island of Nøtterøy, so 10.37-square-kilometre (4.00 sq mi) of the city and 17,979 residents are actually located in Færder Municipality.
The city of Tønsberg was established as a municipality on 1 January 1838 (see formannskapsdistrikt law). The rural Sem Municipality was merged with the city of Tønsberg on 1 January 1988, creating a much larger Tønsberg Municipality. The neighboring Re Municipality was merged into Tønsberg on 1 January 2020.
The city is home to Tønsberg Fortress on Slottsfjellet ("Castle Mountain"), which includes ruins from Castrum Tunsbergis, Norway's largest castle in the 13th century. An outdoor music festival is held at Tønsberg Fortress every July. Tønsberg is also home of Oseberg Mound, where the 9th-century Oseberg Ship was excavated.

Title: Larvik
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Larvik
Excerpt: Larvik (Urban East Norwegian: [ˈlɑ̂rviːk] ) is a municipality in Vestfold county, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Vestfold. The administrative centre of the municipality is the city of Larvik. Other main population centres in the municipality include the town of Stavern and the villages of Gjone, Helgeroa, Hem, Kjose, Kvelde, Nevlunghavn, Skinmo, Svarstad, Ula, Verningen, and Tjøllingvollen.
The 813-square-kilometre (314 sq mi) municipality is the 140th largest by area out of the 356 municipalities in Norway. Larvik is the 21st most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 48,246. The municipality's population density is 62.5 inhabitants per square kilometre (162/sq mi) and its population has increased by 5.9% over the previous 10-year period.
The city of Larvik achieved market town status in 1671, but it did not become a self-governing municipality until 1 January 1838 when the formannskapsdistrikt law went into effect.
Larvik is known as the hometown of Thor Heyerdahl. It is also home to Bøkeskogen, the northernmost beech tree forest in the world. Larvik is the home of Norway's only natural mineral water spring, Farriskilden. Farris Bad, located in Larvik, has been described as one of the best spas in Europe. It has the largest spa department in Scandinavia.

Title: Miss Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miss_Norway
Excerpt: The Miss Norway (formerly known as "Frøken Norge") is a national beauty pageant in Norway The pageant was founded in 1950, where the winners were sent to Miss Universe.

Title: Istrehågan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Istreh%C3%A5gan
Excerpt: Istrehågan is an ancient monument at Jåberg on the Sandefjord-Larvik border in Vestfold, Norway. It is home to some of the largest stone settings in the Nordic countries. Nearby Haugen farm in Sandefjord is home to Vestfold County's largest petroglyph site. The rock carvings at Haugen farm are Vestfold County's oldest ancient monument. It is an ancient burial ground which dates to the time of the Roman Iron Age around 500 - 600 AD. It is located two kilometers northwest of Hemskilen Nature Preserve in a forest known as Marumskogen.
Large stone settings resemble a ship. The largest "ship" is 24 metres (79 ft) long, and 9 metres (30 ft) meters broad. Most rocks are about 1 metre (3 ft 3 in) tall, while some are as high as 4.5 metres (15 ft). Archaeological excavations made in 1959-1961 uncovered remains of bones, bear claws, pottery shards, a brooch, and more.
 Most stone settings are dated to the Migration Period around 400-500 A.D. There are marked hiking trails leading to Istrehågan through the Marum forest, for example from Store Bergan skole. There are also agricultural symbols here which were etched into the hillside during the Bronze Age, 1500-500 B.C.E.