Title: Progress Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progress_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Progress Party (Bokmål: Fremskrittspartiet; Nynorsk: Framstegspartiet, FrP; Northern Sami: Ovddádusbellodat) is a political party in Norway. It is generally positioned to the right of the Conservative Party, and is considered the most right-wing party to be represented in parliament. It is often described as hard right or right-wing populist, which has been disputed in public discourse, and has been described by various academics and some journalists as far-right. By 2020, the party attained a growing national conservative faction. Since the 2025 parliamentary election, it has been Norway's second largest political party, winning 47 seats in the Storting. It was a partner in the government coalition led by the Conservative Party from 2013 to 2020.
The Progress Party focuses on law and order, downsizing the bureaucracy and the public sector; the FrP identifies as an economic liberal party which competes with the left to represent the workers of Norway. The Progress Party calls for a strict immigration policy, integration of immigrants and for the removal of illegal immigrants or foreigners who commit crimes. During its time in coalition government from 2013, the party oversaw the creation of a Minister for Integration and increased the process of deporting failed asylum seekers or migrants with criminal convictions. It has been described as anti-immigration; nevertheless, the FrP also supports free migration to and from the European Union through the European Economic Area as well as helping refugees through the United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees. After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Progress Party has been amenable to receiving Ukrainian refugees.
The Progress Party was founded by Anders Lange in 1973 as an anti-tax protest movement. Its development was greatly influenced by Carl I. Hagen, the party's long-standing leader between 1978 and 2006. Siv Jensen served as the party leader between 2006 and 2021. She was succeeded by her deputy leader, Sylvi Listhaug on 8 May 2021.

Title: Liberal People's Party (Norway, 1972)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_People%27s_Party_(Norway,_1972)
Excerpt: The Liberal People's Party (Norwegian: Det Liberale Folkepartiet, DLF) was a social liberal political party in Norway, established by a split in the Liberal Party over the issue of Norway's accession to the European Economic Community in 1972. The party was originally called the New People's Party until changing its name in 1980.

Title: Liberal People's Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_People%27s_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Liberal People's Party (Norwegian: Det Liberale Folkepartiet, DLF) was a classical liberal Norwegian political party created in 1992 by some of the members of the old Liberal People's Party.
In 2017, during the last national convention the party decided to close down. And encouraged its members to join the Foreningen for Studium av Objektivismen and the Liberalistene.

Title: Conservative Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conservative_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Conservative Party or The Right (Bokmål: Høyre, Nynorsk: Høgre, lit. 'Right', H; Northern Sami: Olgešbellodat) is a liberal-conservative political party in Norway. It is the major party of the Norwegian centre-right, and was the leading party in government as part of the Solberg cabinet from 2013 to 2021. The current party leader is former foreign minister Ine Eriksen Søreide. The party is a member of the International Democracy Union and an associate member of the European People's Party.
The party is traditionally a pragmatic and politically moderate conservative party strongly associated with the traditional elites and members of the far-right within the civil service and Norwegian business life. During the 20th century, the party advocated economic liberalism, tax cuts, individual rights, support of monarchism, the Church of Norway and the Armed Forces, anti-communism, pro-Europeanism, and support of the Nordic model: over time, the party's values have become more socially liberal in areas such as gender equality, LGBTIQ+ rights, and immigration and integration issues; the party defines itself as a party pursuing a "conservative progressive policy based on Christian cultural values, constitutional government and democracy". In line with its Western bloc alignment during the Cold War era, the party strongly supports NATO, which Norway co-founded, and has consistently been the most outspokenly pro-European Union party in Norway, supporting Norwegian membership during both the 1972 and 1994 referendums.
The Conservative Party traditionally caters to anti immigration and elites, it the party is the most popular party among educated elite groups. In the postwar era, the party formed a grand consensus with the Labour Party regarding foreign and security policy—frequently expressed by the maxim "the foreign policy is settled" (utenrikspolitikken ligger fast)—that led Norway to co-found NATO and enter into a close alliance with the United States, and the parties' economic policies have gradually become more similar. Both parties are pragmatic, relatively technocratic, anti-populist, and close to the political centre. The party supports the Nordic model, but also a certain amount of semi-privatisation through state-funded private services.
Founded in 1884, the Conservative Party is the second-oldest political party in Norway after the Liberal Party. In the interwar era, one of the main goals for the party was to achieve a centre-right alliance against the growing labour movement, when the party went into decline. In the post-war era until 2005, the party participated in six governments: two 1960s national governments (Lyng's Cabinet and Borten's Cabinet); one 1980s Conservative Party minority government (Willoch's First Cabinet); two 1980s three-party governments (Willoch's Second Cabinet and Syse's Cabinet); in the 2000s Bondevik's Second Cabinet; and from 2013 to 2021 it was the dominant partner in a coalition government that also included the Christian Democrats and the Liberal Party.

Title: Liberal Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Liberal Party (Norwegian: Venstre, lit. 'Left', V; Northern Sami: Gurutbellodat) is a social liberal political party in Norway. It was founded in 1884 and is the oldest political party in Norway. The Liberal Party is positioned on the centre to centre-right of the political spectrum. It is a liberal party which has over time enacted reforms such as parliamentarism, freedom of religion, universal suffrage, and state schooling.
For most of the late 19th and early 20th century, it was Norway's largest and most dominant political party. Later, in the postwar era it lost most of its support and became a smaller party. The party has nevertheless participated in several centrist and centre-right government coalitions in the postwar era and it is aligned with the country's centre-right bloc alongside the Conservative Party, Christian Democratic Party and the Progress Party. Guri Melby has served as the party leader since 2020.
The party was founded in 1884. With support mainly from farmers and progressive members of the bourgeoisie, it was the first political party that came into existence in Norway, and was the dominant governmental party for several decades. It has always had a close relationship with the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights, which was founded in the same year by prominent Liberal Party politicians. The party has played a central role in advocating for women's suffrage in Norway. Since the 1880s the party has seen many internal schisms. A politically moderate and religious wing broke away in 1888 to form the Moderate Liberal Party and the conservative-liberal faction, including the former Prime Minister of Norway Christian Michelsen who broke away in 1909 to form the Free-minded Liberal Party (both parties eventually merged into the Conservative Party). The most notable recent schism was in 1972 when the Liberal Party decided to oppose Norwegian membership in the European Economic Community (EEC). The faction supporting membership broke away and formed the Liberal People's Party. The party has since endorsed Norwegian membership in the EU and is currently a strong proponent.