Title: Yoko Takahashi
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yoko_Takahashi
Excerpt: Yoko Takahashi (高橋 洋子, Takahashi Yōko; born August 28, 1966) is a Japanese singer, who is best known for her work throughout the 1990s, most particularly for her singles which were performed for and featured in anime, most notably the Neon Genesis Evangelion franchise.

Title: Music of Neon Genesis Evangelion
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Music_of_Neon_Genesis_Evangelion
Excerpt: Neon Genesis Evangelion (Japanese: 新世紀エヴァンゲリオン, Hepburn: Shinseiki Evangerion) is a 1995 anime series directed by Hideaki Anno. Shiro Sagisu composed the soundtracks for it and its sequels, remakes and spinoffs. In addition to Sagisu's compositions, the soundtracks include pieces by Masami Okui, Kotono Mitsuishi and a wide repertoire of classical music, including pieces by Ludwig van Beethoven, Johann Sebastian Bach, Giuseppe Verdi, and other composers. Under the direction of Toshimichi Ōtsuki, a representative of King Records and one of the producers of the series, "A Cruel Angel's Thesis" was composed as the series' opening theme song. The series used "Fly Me to the Moon", originally written by Bart Howard, as the closing theme song. Different versions of the song were recorded by British singer Claire Littley, Yoko Takahashi and the anime's main female voice actors, Megumi Hayashibara, Kotono Mitsuishi and Yuko Miyamura.
The anime soundtrack was collected in three main albums, released in 1995 and 1996. These were followed by several studio albums, collections and remixes. Sagisu also composed the soundtracks for the Rebuild of Evangelion tetralogy—a remake of the original series—and several derivative video games. Critics have compared several pieces to Beatles songs and soundtracks from earlier anime, such as Mobile Suit Gundam and Space Battleship Yamato. Sagisu's work has been well received by critics and audiences alike; several albums and singles from the soundtrack have been certified gold or platinum in Japan, reaching the top of the national charts. According to SciFi Japan, albums dedicated to Evangelion have sold a total of nine million copies.

Title: Dave Evans (bluegrass)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dave_Evans_(bluegrass)
Excerpt: William "Dave" Evans (July 24, 1950 - June 26, 2017) was a tenor singer, banjo player, composer, and  bluegrass band leader. He was noted for his powerful tenor vocal range and for his style which bridged traditional and contemporary bluegrass.  Notable songs written by Evans include "One Loaf of Bread," "Highway 52," "99 Years is Almost for Life," and "Be Proud of the Grey in Your Hair."

Title: Sonic the Hedgehog 3 (soundtrack)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonic_the_Hedgehog_3_(soundtrack)
Excerpt: Sonic the Hedgehog 3: Music from the Motion Picture is the score album for the 2024 film of the same name. It features the original score composed by Tom Holkenborg and was released by Milan Records on December 20, 2024.

Title: 2026 in film
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2026_in_film
Excerpt: 2026 in film is an overview of events in the film industry scheduled to occur in 2026. Best Picture Academy Award-winners All Quiet on the Western Front and Cimarron entered the public domain this year.