Title: LeBron James
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LeBron_James
Excerpt: LeBron Raymone James Sr. (born December 30, 1984) is an American professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Nicknamed "King James", he is the NBA's all-time leading scorer and has won four NBA championships from 10 NBA Finals appearances, including eight consecutive appearances between 2011 and 2018. He has won three Olympic gold medals as a member of the U.S. national team, and is widely considered to be one of the greatest basketball players of all time and one of the greatest athletes in modern history.
In addition to ranking fourth in NBA career assists and sixth in NBA career steals, James holds several individual honors, including four NBA MVP awards, four Finals MVP awards, the Rookie of the Year award, three All-Star Game MVP awards, the inaugural NBA Cup MVP, and the Olympics MVP in the 2024 Summer Olympics. A record 22-time All-Star and 21-time All-NBA selection (including a record 13 First Team selections), he has also made six All-Defensive Teams. The oldest active player in the NBA, he holds records for the most seasons played with 23, the most games played, the most minutes played, and the most field goals made in league history.
Born and raised in Akron, Ohio, James gained national attention at St. Vincent–St. Mary High School and was heavily touted as a future NBA superstar for his all-around scoring, passing, athleticism and playmaking abilities. A prep-to-pro, the Cleveland Cavaliers selected James with the first overall pick of the 2003 NBA draft. He won Rookie of the Year and quickly established himself as one of the league's premier players, leading Cleveland to its first NBA Finals appearance in 2007 and winning the scoring title in 2008. After winning back-to-back MVPs in 2009 and 2010, he joined the Miami Heat as a free agent in 2010, a controversial move announced in the television special The Decision.
With the Heat, James won his first two NBA championships in 2012 and 2013, earning MVP and Finals MVP honors both years. After four seasons in Miami, he returned to Cleveland in 2014, leading the Cavaliers to their first-ever championship in 2016, ending the Cleveland sports curse. He signed with the Los Angeles Lakers in 2018, winning another title in 2020 and becoming the first player to win Finals MVP with three different teams. Off the court, James has earned further wealth and fame from numerous endorsement contracts. He is the first player in NBA history to accumulate $1 billion in earnings as an active player. James has been listed by Forbes as one of the world's ten highest-paid athletes fifteen times. In 2011, 2014 and 2017, he was selected for the Forbes 30 under 30 list in the Sports, Entertainment and All Star categories, and subsequently in the Forbes 30 under 30 Hall of Fame in 2022. He was among Time's 100 most influential people in the world in 2005, 2013, 2017, and 2019—the most selections for a professional athlete.

Title: Colin Jackson
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colin_Jackson
Excerpt: Colin Ray Jackson,  (born 18 February 1967) is a Welsh former sprint and hurdling athlete, sports commentator and television personality who specialised in the 110 metres hurdles. During a career in which he represented Great Britain and Wales, he won an Olympic silver medal, became world champion twice, world indoor champion once, was undefeated at the European Championships for 12 years and was twice Commonwealth champion. His world record of 12.91 seconds for the 110 m hurdles stood for nearly 13 years and his 60 metres hurdles world record stood for nearly 27 years.

Title: Dwyane Wade
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dwyane_Wade
Excerpt: Dwyane Tyrone Wade Jr. ( DWAYN or  doo-WY-ayn, born January 17, 1982) is an American basketball executive and former professional player who is a co-owner of the Utah Jazz of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He is also currently the host of the American adaptation of The Cube. Nicknamed "D-Wade" and "Flash", he is regarded as one of the greatest shooting guards in NBA history, he spent the majority of his 16-year career playing for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and won three NBA championships, was a 13-time NBA All-Star, an eight-time member of the All-NBA Team, and a three-time member of the All-Defensive Team. Wade is also Miami's all-time leader in points, games played, assists, steals, shots made, and shots taken.
After a successful college basketball career with the Marquette Golden Eagles, including leading the team to the Final Four in 2003, Wade was drafted fifth overall in the 2003 NBA draft by the Heat. In his third season, Wade led the Heat to their first NBA Championship and was named the 2006 NBA Finals MVP. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, he led the United States men's basketball team, commonly known as the "Redeem Team", in scoring and helped them capture the gold medal. In the 2008–09 season, Wade led the league in both total points (2,386) and points per game (30.2), the latter stat earning him his lone NBA scoring title. Wade was selected as the NBA All-Star Game MVP in 2010. With LeBron James and Chris Bosh, he helped guide Miami to four consecutive NBA Finals from 2011 to 2014, and won back-to-back championships in 2012 and 2013. In July 2016, Wade briefly left Miami to play for the Chicago Bulls and the Cleveland Cavaliers for a season and a half before being traded back to Miami in February 2018 where he finished his playing career and retired in 2019. The Heat retired Wade's #3 jersey in 2020. He purchased a minority ownership stake in the Utah Jazz in 2021 and became a minority stakeholder of the WNBA's Chicago Sky in 2023. In October 2021, Wade was honored as one of the league's greatest players of all time by being named to the NBA 75th Anniversary Team. He has been inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame twice: in 2023 for his individual career, and in 2025 as a member of the Redeem Team.

Title: Australia–United States sports rivalries
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia%E2%80%93United_States_sports_rivalries
Excerpt: The Australia–United States sporting rivalry is one which spreads across multiple sports due to similar sporting cultures within the two countries. Despite the large difference in population, with the United States containing more than 10 times the inhabitants of Australia, many sports are tightly contested between the two nations at the highest level. The rivalry is mostly defined by good-natured banter and healthy competitiveness between the two nations with the Australian underdog spirit often punching well above its weight against an American sporting superpower, but it has occasionally spilled into more serious situations that have gone beyond the typically friendly relationship that has defined the rivalry in the past. The comments or actions that cross the line of good-humoured content are often used as bulletin board material by the opposition to build hype and motivation for an upcoming contest between the two nations.
Despite many sports being contested between the two nations, the US is better than Australia in almost all sports. All time, the United States is more successful than Australia in baseball, basketball, soccer, tennis, golf, swimming, track and field, lacrosse, ice hockey, boxing, volleyball, rowing, snowboarding, figure skating, gymnastics, sailing, cycling, weightlifting, wrestling, softball, canoeing, fencing, skiing, water polo, judo, diving, beach volleyball, archery, shooting, curling, bobsleigh, among others, while Australia is more successful than the US in cricket, rugby, netball and field hockey. The United States has won the Summer Olympic medal table 19 times and is ranked number 1 overall, while Australia has won the Summer Olympic medal table 0 times and is ranked number 10 overall. Australia is considered as the United States' "sporting little brother."