Title: Tar-Baby
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar-Baby
Excerpt: The Tar-Baby is the second of the Uncle Remus stories published in 1881; it is about a doll made of tar and turpentine used by the villainous Br'er Fox to entrap Br'er Rabbit. The more that Br'er Rabbit fights the Tar-Baby, the more entangled he becomes.
The phrase "tar baby" has acquired idiomatic meanings over the years, including a negative racial connotation.

Title: Tar Baby option
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar_Baby_option
Excerpt: "Tar Baby" was the name given by the United States State Department to Richard Nixon's policy during the late 1960s and 1970s of strengthening contacts with the white-minority governments in Rhodesia and apartheid-era South Africa. The allusion was to the Uncle Remus story in which Brer Fox tries to capture Brer Rabbit by making a tar baby. Brer Rabbit strikes the tar "baby" with his hands, feet, and head and eventually becomes completely adhered to it. The policy option, described as a partial relaxation of economic action against Rhodesia and South Africa, and derived from NSSM: 39, was based on the presumption that apartheid and colonial rule were an unpleasant but undeniable reality and that Washington should accommodate itself pragmatically to the status quo. According to Nixon, if the United States was to be an influence for enlightened change it must do so by offering the "carrot" and eschewing the "stick". This policy would have to be pursued ad infinitum to get it to work.

Title: Br'er Rabbit
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Br%27er_Rabbit
Excerpt: Br'er Rabbit ( BRAIR; an abbreviation of Brother Rabbit, also spelled Brer Rabbit) is a central figure in African-American folktales. The character is an oral tradition passed down by African-Americans of the Southern United States and African descendants in the Caribbean, notably Afro-Bahamians and Turks and Caicos Islanders. He is a trickster who succeeds by his wits rather than by brawn, provoking authority figures and bending social mores as he sees fit. Popular adaptations of the character, originally recorded by Joel Chandler Harris in the 19th century, include Disney's 1946 film Song of the South.

Title: Tar Baby (disambiguation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar_Baby_(disambiguation)
Excerpt: Tar-Baby is a doll made of tar from the second of the Uncle Remus stories.
Tar Baby may also refer to:

Tar Baby (novel), a 1981 novel by Toni Morrison
Tar Baby (comics), a Marvel Comics character
"Tar Baby", a song on the 1985 album Promise by English band Sade
Tar Baby Option, the United States State Department name for President Richard Nixon's policy during the late 1960s and early 1970s of strengthening contacts with the white-minority governments in southern Africa

Title: List of Uncle Remus characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Uncle_Remus_characters
Excerpt: This is a list of recurring and/or significant fictional characters in the Uncle Remus books and those in one way or another connected to Br'er Rabbit and his plantation and forest entourage. Excluding the characters of the told tales, which are largely archived, as regards the characters of the novels and frame-stories extraneous to the Uncle Remus series, preference in cataloging goes to the actual narrators of the tales.
Uncle Remus himself appears as framing device and narrator in all the stories (tales, poems and songs in The Tar-Baby and Other Rhymes of Uncle Remus included), except the ones in On the Plantation, Evening Tales and the novels in the Abercrombie family series (although he is sometimes mentioned by the characters). Uncle Remus is also the absolute protagonist in the stories and the sketches reproduced (with modifications or not) in the secondary sections of the books from newspapers such as The Atlanta Constitution.
The little boy from the canonical series of books, that is the unnamed son of Miss Sally and Marse John who never appears in the sections dedicated to the reprint of sketches and jokes with Uncle Remus from the newspapers, is often addressed by Uncle Remus throughout the narrations in The Tar-Baby and Other Rhymes of Uncle Remus as well. From Told by Uncle Remus on, Uncle Remus' listener is the son of the little boy of the previous books, initially more frailer and quieter than his father at his age, and speaks in and elegant and refined way because of the harsh education given to him. The last book in the series, Seven Tales of Uncle Remus, collects old stories hitherto unpublished or published in magazines and which date back to the period the little boy was still the son of Miss Sally and Marse John. However, we should probably exclude the last Br'er Rabbit story in chronological order, "Rabbit Doesn't Go to See Aunt Nancy", because it was presumably created in 1908, when the new little boy was already active.