Title: Greece national football team
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Greece_national_football_team
Excerpt: The Greece national football team (Greek: εθνική ομάδα ποδοσφαίρου Ελλάδας, romanized: ethnikí omáda podosfaírou Elládas) represents Greece in men's international football matches, and is controlled by the Hellenic Football Federation, the governing body for football in Greece. Greece is one of only ten national teams to have been crowned UEFA European Champions.
Greece's first appearance in a major tournament was at UEFA Euro 1980 where they were knocked out in the group stage. Their qualification to the then eight-team UEFA European Championship gave them a position in the top eight European football nations that year. Greece did not qualify for another major tournament until the 1994 FIFA World Cup and after an undefeated qualifying campaign, they produced a poor performance in the final, losing all three group matches without scoring.
UEFA Euro 2004 marked the highest point in Greece's football history when they won the tournament in only their second participation. Dismissed as rank outsiders before the tournament, Greece defeated some of the favourites in the competition including defending European champions France, and hosts Portugal twice (the opening game of the tournament and again in the final). Their triumph earned them a place in the 2005 FIFA Confederations Cup.
In the decade after the 2004 victory, Greece qualified for the finals tournament of all but one major competition entered, reaching the quarter-finals at the UEFA Euro 2012 and the round of 16 at the 2014 FIFA World Cup. During that period, they occupied a place in the top 20 of the FIFA World Ranking for all but four months, and reached an all-time high of eighth in the world from April to June 2008, as well as in October 2011.
Since 2014, Greece has not made an appearance in any major tournament.

Title: Diana Taurasi
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana_Taurasi
Excerpt: Diana Lorena Taurasi (born June 11, 1982) is an American former professional basketball player. She played 20 seasons in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA), spending her entire WNBA career with the Phoenix Mercury. A global basketball icon, Taurasi helped grow the visibility of the women's game and is credited with elevating the WNBA's standard of play. She is often considered the greatest player in women's basketball history and holds the all-time WNBA scoring record. She is the most decorated Olympic athlete in any team sport, winning six Olympic gold medals with the United States women's national basketball team.
Taurasi was the top recruit in her class and earned national player of the year honors at Don Antonio Lugo High School in her hometown of Chino, California. She played college basketball for UConn, which she led to three consecutive national titles. She was twice named national college player of the year and is regarded as one of the greatest collegiate players of all time. Selected first overall by the Mercury in the 2004 WNBA draft, Taurasi quickly emerged as the league's best scorer and gained a reputation for her clutch scoring ability and competitiveness, which earned her the nickname "White Mamba".  Her WNBA accolades include three league championships, two Finals Most Valuable Player awards, one MVP award, five scoring titles, 10 All-WNBA First Team selections, and 11 All-Star selections. Taurasi is the WNBA all-time leader in points, three-pointers, field goals, and free throws. She was also a decorated player overseas, playing in Russia and Turkey and winning six EuroLeague Women titles.
Internationally, Taurasi was a central figure on the United States women's national team, and with former college teammate Sue Bird established it as one of the greatest sports dynasties. She won six Olympic gold medals and three FIBA World Cup championships, and is a four-time USA Basketball Female Athlete of the Year. Taurasi holds the team record for games played in the Olympics (44) and scored the second-most points in team history.

Title: Canada at the 2004 Summer Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada_at_the_2004_Summer_Olympics
Excerpt: Canada competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, from 13 to 29 August 2004. Canadian athletes have competed in every Summer Olympic Games since 1900, except the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow because of the country's support for the US-led boycott.
The Canadian Olympic Committee sent a total of 263 athletes, 130 men and 133 women, to take part in 28 sports.  This was the nation's smallest delegation to the Games, since the nation boycotted the games in 1980. This had become a result of the COC changing its qualification standards, after a reduced medal showing at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, with the aim of sending fewer athletes but focusing its energy on those who have the best chance at winning medals. It has been suggested that the "logical response" of winning fewer medals was diverting funding away from sports where Canadians struggled (track and field) to ones where Canadians excelled (kayak and diving). Athletes that qualified for the Olympics would not be sent to Athens unless they had finished in the top twelve worldwide, a policy that was widely criticized as numerous Canadian Olympic medallists in past Games would have been excluded by such criteria. Over 50 Canadian athletes, including two-time Olympian marathoner Bruce Deacon, did not make the COC's "top 12" cutoff despite achieved the international qualifying standards in their respective sports. After 2004 the COC scrapped this policy but still maintains additional hurdles beyond international standards to ensure that athletes are in shape for the Olympics.
Canada left Athens with a total of 12 medals (3 golds, 6 silver, and 3 bronze), the lowest in Summer Olympic history since 1988. Canada's overall medal count had been dropping in the recent editions of the Summer Olympics, along with the totals for most developed countries as the developing nations capture comparatively more medals. Many expected Canada to win a similar number of medals as they did in 2000. Most of these medals were awarded to the athletes in canoeing, cycling, diving, and gymnastics. Sprint kayaker Adam van Koeverden became the most decorated athlete of the Games with two Olympic medals, including a gold in the men's K-1 500 m.
The flag bearer was two-time Olympic medallist Nicolas Gill, a judoka. A mild controversy developed after it was revealed that Gill had made comments in favour of Quebec separatism, and had voted yes in the 1995 Quebec referendum. Gill went on to lose his opening match and was eliminated from the tournament, which was seen as symbolic of Canada's 2004 Olympic woes.

Title: Australia at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Australia has sent athletes to every Summer Olympic Games, as well as every Winter Olympic Games except 1924–32 and 1948. In 1908 and 1912, Australia competed with New Zealand under the name Australasia.

Title: Australia women's national softball team
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia_women%27s_national_softball_team
Excerpt: The Australia women's national softball team, also known as the Aussie Spirit, is the national softball team of Australia. It is governed by Softball Australia and takes part in international softball competitions. They are one of Australia's most successful women's sporting teams on the world stage, and they have achieved outstanding results over the last 3 decades. Alongside the USA team, the Aussie Spirit are the only other team to medal at all 4 Olympics that softball was included as a sport in the Olympics program. At the inaugural Women's Softball World Championship held in Melbourne, 1965. Australia claimed the first ever title, winning Gold and stamped themselves as a pioneer in the sport.