Title: Real Madrid CF
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Real_Madrid_CF
Excerpt: Real Madrid Club de Fútbol (Spanish pronunciation: [reˈal maˈðɾið ˈkluβ ðe ˈfuðβol] ) is a Spanish professional association football club based in Madrid. The club competes in La Liga, the top tier of Spanish football.
Founded in 1902 as Madrid Football Club, the club has traditionally worn a white home kit. The honorific title 'Real' is Spanish for "Royal" and was bestowed by Alfonso XIII in 1920. Real Madrid have played their home matches in the Bernabéu since 1947. Unlike most European sporting clubs, Real Madrid's members have owned and operated the club throughout its history. The club is one of the most widely supported in the world and the most followed sports club across social media. It was estimated to be worth $6.6 billion in 2024, making it the world's most valuable football club. In 2024, it became the first football club to make €1 billion ($1.08bn) in revenue. The club anthem is the "Hala Madrid y nada más".
Real Madrid is one of the most successful football clubs in the world and the most decorated club in Europe. In Spanish domestic football, the club has won 71 trophies; a record 36 La Liga titles, 20 Copa del Rey, 13 Supercopa de España, a Copa Eva Duarte and a Copa de la Liga. In International football, Real Madrid have won a record 35 trophies: a record 15 European Cup/UEFA Champions League titles, a record six UEFA Super Cups, two UEFA Cups, a joint-record two Latin Cups, a record one Iberoamerican Cup, and a record nine world championships. Madrid has been ranked joint first a record number of times in the IFFHS Club World Ranking. In UEFA's club ranking, Madrid ranks first in the all-time club ranking.
As one of the three founding members of La Liga never relegated from the top division along with Barcelona and Athletic Bilbao, Real Madrid has many long-standing rivalries, most notably El Clásico with Barcelona and El Derbi Madrileño with Atlético Madrid. The club established itself as a major force in Spanish and European football during the 1950s and 60s, winning five consecutive and six overall European Cups. This success was replicated on the domestic front, with Madrid winning 12 league titles in 16 years. This team, which included Alfredo Di Stéfano, Ferenc Puskás, Paco Gento and Raymond Kopa, is considered by some in the sport to be the greatest of all time. Real Madrid is known for its Galácticos policy, which involves signing the world's best players, such as Ronaldo, Zinedine Zidane and David Beckham to create a superstar team. In 2009, Madrid signed Cristiano Ronaldo for a record-breaking £80 million (€94 million) from Manchester United; he became the club's and history's all-time top goal-scorer. In addition to signing star players, Real Madrid develops homegrown talent through its academy, La Fábrica, which has produced notable graduates such as Raúl, Iker Casillas, and Dani Carvajal, and has supplied the highest number of players to Europe's top five leagues.
Real Madrid was recognized as the greatest football club of the 20th century, receiving the FIFA Centennial Order of Merit in 2004. Real Madrid has the highest number of participations in the European Cup/UEFA Champions League (55), a tournament in which they hold the records for most wins, draws and goals scored. Real Madrid is the only club to have won three consecutive titles in the European Cup/UEFA Champions League twice, achieving this in 1956-58 and 2016-18. In 2024, they won a record-extending 15th Champions League title (the sixth in eleven seasons), recognized as such by Guinness World Records. Real Madrid is the first club across all Europe's top-five leagues to win 100 trophies in all competitions. As of May 2026, Real Madrid are ranked 2nd in UEFA club rankings, and first over 2013–23 coefficient.

Title: John Toshack
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Toshack
Excerpt: John Benjamin Toshack  (born 22 March 1949) is a Welsh former professional football player and manager.
He began his playing career as a teenager with his hometown club Cardiff City, becoming the youngest player to make an appearance for the side when he made his debut in 1965. After establishing himself in the first-team, he went on to make over 200 appearances and scored 100 goals in all competitions after forming a striking partnership with Brian Clark.
In 1970, he joined First Division side Liverpool, where he formed a noted forward partnership with Kevin Keegan and Steve Heighway that helped the club to win two league titles, the European Cup, the UEFA Cup on two occasions, the FA Cup and the UEFA Super Cup. His partnership with Keegan was so effective that the two were described as telepathic. Mounting injuries eventually led to him securing his release from Liverpool to join Swansea City as player-manager in March 1978. He led the club to three promotions in four seasons, elevating them from the Fourth Division to the First Division in a feat that led former Liverpool manager Bill Shankly to describe him as the "manager of the century". During his career, he scored over 150 goals in the Football League in more than 350 appearances and also represented Wales at international level, winning 40 caps and scoring 13 goals.
He resigned from Swansea in 1984 after suffering relegation and embarked on a managerial career abroad, taking charge of Sporting CP in Portugal and later Spanish side Real Sociedad, winning the Copa del Rey in 1987. Two years later, he was appointed manager of Real Madrid and led them to a fifth consecutive La Liga title with a record total of points and goals scored. However, a disappointing start to the following season resulted in his dismissal in November 1990 and he returned to Real Sociedad. In 1994, he was appointed part-time manager of Wales alongside his job at Real Sociedad but resigned from the role after just 47 days having been in charge for one match, citing the strong support for former manager Terry Yorath among fans and a "political war" as reasons. In 1995, he was appointed manager of Deportivo La Coruña during the club's "Super Depor" era, reaching the Cup Winners' Cup semifinals in his first season before departing acrimoniously in February 1997.
After a spell in Turkey with Beşiktaş, he returned to Real Madrid for a second time but was sacked ten months later after refusing to retract criticism he had made of his players in a press conference following a defeat. In 2004, he was appointed as manager of Wales for a second time and remained with the side for six years, presiding over three ultimately unsuccessful qualifying campaigns. He later managed Macedonia and Azerbaijani side Khazar Lankaran before managing outside Europe for the first time in his career with Moroccan side Wydad Casablanca and Tractor of Iran.

Title: List of one-club men in association football
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_one-club_men_in_association_football
Excerpt: This article is a list of one-club men, footballers who have played their entire professional career with only one club.

Title: Mohamed Aboutrika
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mohamed_Aboutrika
Excerpt: Mohamed Mohamed Mohamed Aboutrika (Arabic: محمد محمد محمد أبو تريكة; born 7 November 1978) and known as Mohamed Aboutrika is an Egyptian retired professional footballer who played as an attacking midfielder and a forward. He was voted first place in the African Footballer of the Year award in 2008, and was one of five nominees for the 2006 award, and one of the ten nominated for the 2013 award. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest African  and Arab players of all time.
Aboutrika won the Africa Cup of Nations in 2006 with the Egyptian national team. He also scored the winning goal to help Egypt win the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations. He helped his club Al Ahly to win the bronze medal in the FIFA Club World Cup in 2006.
Off the pitch, he has been noted for both various humanitarian efforts as well as his philanthropy in Egypt.

Title: Career of Cristiano Ronaldo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Career_of_Cristiano_Ronaldo
Excerpt: Cristiano Ronaldo is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for and captains both the Saudi Pro League club Al-Nassr and the Portugal national team. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest footballers in history, and his individual achievements include five Ballon d'Or awards. In recognition of his record-breaking goalscoring, Ronaldo received the special awards Outstanding Career Achievement from FIFA in 2021 and Champions League All-Time Top Scorer from UEFA in 2024.
Ronaldo was a member of Sporting CP's youth academy and joined the first team in 2002. Manchester United signed him for £12 million in 2003, an England record for a teenager. After evolving into a world class attacker, Ronaldo transferred to Real Madrid in 2009 for £80 million, the most expensive transfer in history at the time. He spent nine seasons with Madrid, winning four Champions League titles and becoming the club's top goalscorer with 450 goals. Tensions with the Real Madrid hierarchy resulted in Ronaldo joining Juventus in 2018 for €100 million, where he went on to win all the major honours in Italian football. He returned to Manchester United in 2021, before signing with the Saudi Arabian club Al-Nassr in 2023, reportedly receiving the highest football salary in history. His transfer helped the Saudi Pro League attract other high-profile players.
Ronaldo made his international debut for Portugal in 2003 at the age of 18. He has earned more than 200 caps, making him history's most-capped male player. He has played in six FIFA World Cups, five UEFA European Championships, and two UEFA Nations Leagues. With 146 international goals, he is the all-time top male goalscorer. He assumed captaincy of Portugal in 2008, and in 2015 was named the best Portuguese player of all time by the Portuguese Football Federation. He led Portugal to their first major title with a victory at UEFA Euro 2016, and also led them to victory in the inaugural UEFA Nations League in 2019, where he received the top scorer award in the finals. At Euro 2020 he received the Golden Boot, and in 2024 he became the player with the most international victories in men's football.