Title: Wendigo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendigo
Excerpt: Wendigo () is a mythological creature or evil spirit originating from Algonquian folklore. The concept of the wendigo has been widely used in literature and other works of art, such as social commentary and horror fiction.
The wendigo is often said to be a malevolent spirit, sometimes depicted as a creature with human-like characteristics, who may possess human beings. It is said to cause its victims a feeling of insatiable hunger, the desire to eat other humans, and the propensity to commit murder. In some representations, the wendigo is described as a giant humanoid with a heart of ice, whose approach is signaled by a foul stench or sudden unseasonable chill.
In modern psychiatry, the disorder known as "Wendigo psychosis" is characterized by symptoms such as an intense craving for human flesh and fear of becoming a cannibal. Wendigo psychosis is described as a culture-bound syndrome. In some First Nations communities, symptoms such as insatiable greed and destruction of the environment are also thought to be symptoms of wendigo psychosis.
The wechuge is a similar being that appears in the legends of the Athabaskan people of the Northwest Pacific Coast. It too is cannibalistic; however, it is characterized as enlightened with ancestral insights.

Title: Wendigo (comics)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendigo_(comics)
Excerpt: The Wendigo (occasionally: Wen-Di-Go) is a fictional monster appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The Marvel character is based on the Wendigo legend of the Algonquian peoples. The monster first appeared in The Incredible Hulk (vol. 2) #162 (April 1973), created by writer Steve Englehart and artist Herb Trimpe, fighting the Incredible Hulk. The Wendigo is a silver-furred Bigfoot-like creature with a prehensile tail that is not one specific person, but instead is the manifestation of a curse that can strike anyone who commits an act of cannibalism in the Canadian North Woods. Originally only one person can become the Wendigo at the time, which has led to one Wendigo being cured if another person was struck with the curse. In later years, it has been revealed that a pack of Wendigos lived in the Bering Strait. While normally depicted as a savage beast with no control, some Wendigos have appeared as part of various villainous groups, showing some restraint when not fighting.
The Wendigo character has also appeared in media outside comics, including animated series and video games.

Title: Wendigo (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendigo_(film)
Excerpt: Wendigo is a 2001 American psychological horror film written and directed Larry Fessenden and starring Patricia Clarkson, Jake Weber, and Erik Per Sullivan. The film centers around a photographer and his family who, during a wintery weekend in upstate New York, experience the presence of a dark force in a cabin while being stalked by a local hunter after they accidentally hit a deer on the road. Meanwhile, George's son, Miles, starts having vivid hallucinations of the legendary Wendigo, who he believes to be responsible for the dark forces.
The film was produced by Antidote Films and Glass Eye Pix, and was distributed by Magnolia Pictures. It received mixed reviews by critics.

Title: The Wendigo (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wendigo_(film)
Excerpt: The Wendigo is a 2022 American horror film directed by Jake Robinson. Shot in a found footage style, the film stars Tyler Whisnant, Matthias Margraves, Taylor Grace Davis, Hunter Redfern, Paul Hurley and Laura Rodriguez, and follows a group of social media influencers who set out to search for a fellow influencer who disappeared while investigating a lost Native American tribe in the woods of North Carolina.
The Wendigo premiered as part of the virtual Exhibition of Evil film festival on October 28, 2022. The film is slated for release on digital platforms on August 4, 2023.

Title: Until Dawn (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Until_Dawn_(film)
Excerpt: Until Dawn is a 2025 American survival horror film adapted from the 2015 video game by PlayStation Studios, and it is set in the same universe while featuring an original standalone story that expands upon the game's mythology. The film take place between the events of the games in the series, The Inpatient (2018) and the 2015 video game. Directed by David F. Sandberg, and written by Gary Dauberman and Blair Butler. It stars Ella Rubin, Michael Cimino, Odessa A'zion, Ji-young Yoo, and Belmont Cameli as a group of friends who end up in a secluded area embedded with a time loop mechanic; a threat is out to hunt them where dying restarts the night with a new threat each time, and the only solution is to survive until morning. Peter Stormare also stars, reprising his role from the game.
In January 2024, Sony Pictures announced the film's development with Screen Gems and PlayStation Productions set to produce. Casting announcements were made throughout 2024 and principal photography took place between August and October 2024 in Budapest. The crew features frequent collaborators of Sandberg, including composer Benjamin Wallfisch, cinematographer Maxime Alexandre, and editor Michel Aller.
Until Dawn was released in the United States by Sony Pictures Releasing on April 25, 2025. The film received mixed reviews from critics and grossed $54 million worldwide.