Title: Ihara Saikaku
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ihara_Saikaku
Excerpt: Ihara Saikaku (井原 西鶴) (Japanese pronunciation: [i.ha.ɾa saꜜi.ka.kɯ, iꜜ.ha.ɾa | saꜜi.ka.kɯ], 1642 – September 9, 1693) was a Japanese poet and creator of the "floating world" genre of Japanese prose (ukiyo-zōshi).
His born name may have been Hirayama Tōgo (平山藤五), the son of a wealthy merchant in Osaka, and he first studied haikai poetry under a follower of Matsunaga Teitoku and later studied under Nishiyama Sōin of the Danrin school of poetry, which emphasized comic linked verse. Scholars have described numerous extraordinary feats of solo haikai composition at one sitting; most famously, over the course of a single day and night in 1677 Saikaku is known to have composed 1,600 haikai verses  and an amazing 23,500 verses in a single day and night in 1684.
Later in life he began writing racy accounts of the financial and amorous affairs of the merchant class and the demimonde. These stories catered to the whims of the newly prominent merchant class, whose tastes of entertainment leaned toward the arts and pleasure districts.

Title: The Life of an Amorous Woman
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Life_of_an_Amorous_Woman
Excerpt: The Life of an Amorous Woman (好色一代女, Kōshoku ichidai onna) is a Japanese short novel by Ihara Saikaku which depicts the ukiyo ("floating world") of Edo period Japan. It was first published in Osaka in 1686, consisting of six volumes each divided into four chapters. The Life of an Amorous Woman is written in the first person from the female protagonist's perspective, and shows, in contrast to Ihara's previous works, the darker and materialistic side of kōshoku ("passion").

Title: The Great Mirror of Male Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Great_Mirror_of_Male_Love
Excerpt: The Great Mirror of Male Love (男色大鏡 Nanshoku Ōkagami), with the subtitle The Custom of Boy Love in Our Land (本朝若風俗 Honchō Waka Fūzoku) is a collection of homosexuality stories by Ihara Saikaku, published in 1687. The collection belongs to Ihara's floating world genre of Japanese literature (浮世草子 Ukiyo-zōshi), and contains eight sections; each section contains five chapters, making 40 chapters in total.

Title: Ihara
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ihara
Excerpt: Ihara (written: 井原 or 伊原) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Haruki Ihara (伊原 春樹; born 1949), Japanese baseball player and manager
Isamu Ihara (井原 勇; 1926–2007), Japanese politician
Junichi Ihara (伊原 純一; born 1956), Japanese diplomat
Katsuhiko Ihara (井原 勝彦; born 1943), Japanese rower
Keiko Ihara (井原 慶子; born 1973), Japanese racing driver
Les Ihara Jr. (born 1951), American politician
Masami Ihara (井原 正巳; born 1967), Japanese footballer
Michio Ihara (born 1928), Japanese sculptor
Mitsugu Ihara (庵原 貢; 1903–1979), Japanese naval officer
Rikka Ihara (伊原 六花), Japanese  actress, singer, model, and radio personality
Ihara Saikaku (井原 西鶴; 1642–1693), Japanese poet and writer
Shintaro Ihara (井原 伸太郎; born 1991), Japanese footballer
Takatada Ihara (井原 高忠; 1929–2014), Japanese television director and producer
Tsuyoshi Ihara (伊原 剛志; born 1963), Japanese actor
Yasuhide Ihara (井原 康秀; born 1973) Japanese footballer
Yasutaka Ihara (伊原 康隆; born 1938), Japanese mathematician

Title: Saikaku (crater)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saikaku_(crater)
Excerpt: Saikaku is a crater on Mercury.  Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union (IAU) in 1979. The crater is named for Japanese poet Ihara Saikaku.