Title: John Wayne
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Wayne
Excerpt: Marion Robert Morrison (May 26, 1907 – June 11, 1979), known professionally as John Wayne, was an American actor. Nicknamed "Duke", he became a popular icon through his starring roles in films which were produced during Hollywood's Golden Age, especially in Western and war movies. His career flourished from the silent film era of the 1920s to the American New Wave in the 1970s, as he appeared in a total of 179 film and television productions. He was among the top box-office draws for three decades, and appeared with many other important Hollywood stars of his era. In 1999, the American Film Institute selected Wayne as one of the greatest male stars of classic American cinema.
Wayne was born in Winterset, Iowa, but grew up in Southern California. After losing his football scholarship to the University of Southern California due to a bodysurfing accident, he began working for the Fox Film Corporation. He appeared mostly in small parts, but gained a leading role in Raoul Walsh's Western The Big Trail (1930), an early widescreen film epic that was a box-office failure. He played leading roles in numerous B movies during the 1930s, most of them Westerns, without becoming a major name. John Ford's Stagecoach (1939) made Wayne a mainstream star, and he starred in 142 motion pictures altogether. According to biographer Ronald Davis, "John Wayne personified for millions the nation's frontier heritage".
Wayne's other roles in Westerns included a cattleman driving his herd on the Chisholm Trail in Red River (1948); a Civil War veteran whose niece is abducted by Comanches in The Searchers (1956); a troubled rancher competing with a lawyer (James Stewart) for a woman's hand in The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance (1962); and a cantankerous one-eyed marshal in True Grit (1969), for which he received the Academy Award for Best Actor. Wayne is also remembered for his roles in The Quiet Man (1952) with Maureen O'Hara; Rio Bravo (1959) with Dean Martin; and The Longest Day (1962). In his final screen performance, he starred as an aging gunfighter suffering from cancer in The Shootist (1976).
Wayne made his last public appearance at the Academy Awards ceremony on April 9, 1979, and died of stomach cancer two months later. In 1980, he was posthumously awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor of the United States.

Title: Silent Movie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silent_Movie
Excerpt: Silent Movie is a 1976 American satirical silent comedy film co-written, directed by and starring Mel Brooks, released by 20th Century Fox in summer 1976. The ensemble cast includes Dom DeLuise, Marty Feldman, Bernadette Peters and Sid Caesar, with cameos by Anne Bancroft, Liza Minnelli, Burt Reynolds, James Caan, Marcel Marceau and Paul Newman as themselves, and character cameos by Harry Ritz of the Ritz Brothers, Charlie Callas and Henny Youngman. The film was produced in the manner of an early-20th-century silent film, with intertitles instead of spoken dialogue; the soundtrack consists almost entirely of orchestral accompaniment and sound effects. It is an affectionate parody of slapstick comedies, including those of Charlie Chaplin, Mack Sennett and Buster Keaton. The film satirizes the film industry, presenting the story of a film producer trying to obtain studio support to make a silent film in the 1970s.

Title: Ramon Novarro
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ramon_Novarro
Excerpt: Ramón Gil Samaniego (February 6, 1899 – October 30, 1968), known professionally as Ramon Novarro, was a Mexican actor. He began his career in American silent films in 1917 and eventually became a leading man and one of the top box-office attractions of the 1920s and early '30s. Novarro was promoted by MGM as a "Latin lover" and became known as a sex symbol after the death of Rudolph Valentino. He is recognized as the first Latin American actor to succeed in Hollywood.

Title: Silent Night, Deadly Night
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silent_Night,_Deadly_Night
Excerpt: Silent Night, Deadly Night is a 1984 American Christmas slasher film directed by Charles E. Sellier Jr., and starring Robert Brian Wilson, Lilyan Chauvin, Gilmer McCormick, Toni Nero and Linnea Quigley. The film follows the life of Billy Chapman, who, as a child, witnesses his parents' brutal double murder on Christmas Eve by a man disguised as Santa Claus. His subsequent upbringing in a dysfunctional Catholic orphanage and untreated post-traumatic stress disorder lead him toward a psychological breakdown in adulthood, and he emerges as a spree killer donning a Santa suit during the holiday.
Inspired by a draft screenplay by Paul Caimi, producers Scott Schneid and Dennis Whitehead developed the story for the film over the course of several years, eventually commissioning screenwriter Michael Hickey to complete a redeveloped screenplay. Producer Ira Barmak, who had recently secured a contract to produce several low-budget films for Tri-Star Pictures, became attached to the project. Principal photography occurred mainly in Heber City, Utah in the late spring of 1983.
Silent Night, Deadly Night received significant controversy from the public due to its graphic depiction of a killer clad in a Santa suit, an element that was highlighted in the film's promotional artwork and television advertisements. Tri-Star Pictures released the film theatrically in the United States on November 9, 1984, but its theatrical run was short-lived after public protests were staged at theaters screening the film. Despite its brief release, the film was a modest financial success, earning $2.5 million against a $750,000 budget.
The film has gone on to develop a cult following and spawned a series, consisting of four sequels, as well as a loose remake in 2012 and a reboot in 2025.

Title: 2026 in film
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2026_in_film
Excerpt: 2026 in film is an overview of events in the film industry scheduled to occur in 2026. Best Picture Academy Award-winners All Quiet on the Western Front and Cimarron entered the public domain this year.