Title: MTV Video Music Awards
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MTV_Video_Music_Awards
Excerpt: The MTV Video Music Awards, commonly abbreviated as VMAs, is an award show presented by MTV to honor the best in the music video medium. The ceremony has often been called the Super Bowl for youth, an acknowledgment of the VMA ceremony's ability to draw millions of youth from teens to 20-somethings each year. By 2001, the VMA had become a coveted award.
The annual VMA ceremony occurs before the end of summer and held either in late August or mid-September, and broadcast live on CBS. The first VMA ceremony was held in 1984 at New York City's Radio City Music Hall. The ceremonies are normally held in either New York City or Los Angeles. However, the ceremonies have also been hosted in Miami, Las Vegas, Newark, New Jersey, and more recently, in Elmont, New York, on Long Island.
The statue given to winners is an astronaut on the Moon, one of the earliest representations of MTV, and was colloquially called a "moonman", though it has been called a "moon person" by MTV since the 2017 ceremony. The statue was conceived by Manhattan Design, who were also designers of the original MTV logo, based on the network's debut network identification animation utilizing Apollo 11 mission footage, created by Fred Seibert and produced by Alan Goodman and Buzz Potamkin at Buzzco Associates. The statue is now made by Society Awards, a New York City-based firm. Since the 2006 ceremony, viewers are able to vote for their favorite videos in all general categories.
Taylor Swift is the most awarded solo artist in the history of the VMAs, having won 30 trophies between 2009 and 2024, which includes record-breaking five Video of the Year VMAs ("Bad Blood", "You Need To Calm Down", All Too Well: The Short Film, "Anti-Hero" and "Fortnight").

Title: Glenn Ford
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glenn_Ford
Excerpt: Gwyllyn Samuel Newton Ford (May 1, 1916 – August 30, 2006), known as Glenn Ford, was a Canadian-born American actor. He was most prominent during Hollywood's Golden Age as one of the biggest box-office draws of the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s, and had a career that lasted more than 50 years.
Ford often portrayed ordinary men in unusual circumstances. Although he starred in many genres of film, some of his most significant roles were in the films noir Gilda (1946) and The Big Heat (1953), and the high-school drama Blackboard Jungle (1955). For comedies and Westerns, though, he received acting laurels, including three Golden Globe Award nominations for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, winning for Pocketful of Miracles (1961). He also played a supporting role as Superman's mild-mannered  alter ego Clark Kent's adoptive farmer father, Jonathan Kent, in the first film of the franchise series Superman (1978).
Five of his films have been selected for the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically or aesthetically" significant: Gilda (1946), The Big Heat (1953), Blackboard Jungle (1955), 3:10 to Yuma (1957), and Superman (1978).

Title: List of fictional actors
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_fictional_actors
Excerpt: Fictional stories sometimes feature a fictional movie or play. In these cases, occasionally, a fictional actor appears. In movies, it is not infrequent that a real, famous actor plays the role of a fictional person who is also an actor.

Title: Yellowface
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellowface
Excerpt: Portrayals of East Asians in American film and theatre has been a subject of controversy. These portrayals have frequently reflected an ethnocentric perception of East Asians rather than realistic and authentic depictions of East Asian cultures, colors, customs, and behaviors.
Yellowface, a form of theatrical makeup used by European-American performers to represent an East Asian person (similar to the practice of blackface used to represent African-American characters), continues to be used in film and theater. In the 21st century alone, Grindhouse (in a trailer parody of the Fu Manchu serials), Balls of Fury, I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry, Crank: High Voltage, and Cloud Atlas all feature yellowface or non-East Asian actors as East Asian caricatures.
American media portrayals of East Asians have reflected a dominant Americentric perception rather than realistic and authentic depictions of true cultures, customs and behaviors. Yellowface relies on stereotypes of East Asians in the United States.

Title: List of films with post-credits scenes (2020s)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_films_with_post-credits_scenes_(2020s)
Excerpt: Many films have featured mid- and post-credits scenes. Such scenes often include comedic gags, plot revelations, outtakes, or hints about sequels.