Title: Rōnin
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/R%C5%8Dnin
Excerpt: In feudal Japan to early modern Japan (1185–1868), a rōnin ( ROH-nin; Japanese: 浪人, IPA: [ɾoːɲiɴ], 'drifter' or 'wandering man', lit. 'unrestrained or dissolute person') was a samurai who had no lord or master and, in some cases, had also severed all links with his family or clan. A samurai became a rōnin upon the death of his master, or after the loss of his master's favor or legal privilege.
In modern Japanese, the term is usually used to describe a salaryman who is unemployed or a secondary school graduate who has not yet been admitted to university.

Title: Keigo Higashino
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keigo_Higashino
Excerpt: Keigo Higashino (Japanese: 東野 圭吾, Hepburn: Higashino Keigo; February 4, 1958 – July 23, 2026) was a Japanese author chiefly known for his mystery novels. He served as the 13th President of Mystery Writers of Japan from 2009 to 2013. Higashino won major Japanese awards for his books, almost twenty of which have been turned into films and television series.

Title: Bungo Stray Dogs
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bungo_Stray_Dogs
Excerpt: Bungo Stray Dogs (Japanese: 文豪ストレイドッグス, Hepburn: Bungō Sutorei Doggusu; lit. 'Literary Stray Dogs'), also abbreviated as BSD, is a Japanese manga series written by Kafka Asagiri and illustrated by Sango Harukawa, which has been serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's seinen manga magazine Young Ace since 2012. Each character is named after influential authors and writers of the late 19th century to early 20th century and their powers are based on said author's books. The series follows the members of the Armed Detective Agency as they try to protect Yokohama from organizations such as the Port Mafia. The story mainly focuses on the weretiger Atsushi Nakajima, who joins others gifted with supernatural powers to accomplish different tasks including solving mysteries and carrying out missions assigned by the agency.
The manga originated from Asagiri's desire to write famous literary artists as fighters including the famous Osamu Dazai, having become popular thanks to a Nico Nico Douga video. In writing the cast, Asagiri decided to focus on weak characters, deeming Atsushi as a weak hero who needs to be helped by his wise mentor, Dazai. The author read multiple novels in the making of the series to feature as many writers as possible. Meanwhile, Dazai's character was mostly explored in light novels he wrote.
The series inspired a spin-off manga, Bungo Stray Dogs Wan!, as well as multiple light novels, an anime television series adaptation produced by Bones, an anime film, Bungo Stray Dogs: Dead Apple, a spin-off television series adaptation of Bungo Stray Dogs Wan! and a live-action film, Bungo Stray Dogs The Movie: Beast. The manga was a commercial success with 16 million copies in print. Though the manga was critically successful based on the multiple cast presented and the artwork, Atsushi's characterization was often noted to be overshadowed by the supporting cast as the lead's trauma is constantly brought back across the narrative.

Title: Oppenheimer (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oppenheimer_(film)
Excerpt: Oppenheimer is a 2023 epic biographical thriller film written, co-produced, and directed by Christopher Nolan. It follows the life of J. Robert Oppenheimer, the American theoretical physicist who helped develop the first nuclear weapons during World War II. Based on the 2005 biography American Prometheus by Kai Bird and Martin J. Sherwin, the film dramatizes Oppenheimer's studies, his direction of the Los Alamos Laboratory and his 1954 security hearing. Cillian Murphy stars as Oppenheimer, alongside Robert Downey Jr. as the United States Atomic Energy Commission member Lewis Strauss. The ensemble supporting cast includes Emily Blunt, Matt Damon, Florence Pugh, Josh Hartnett, Casey Affleck, Rami Malek, and Kenneth Branagh.
Oppenheimer was announced in September 2021. It was Nolan's first film not distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures since Memento (2000), due to his conflicts regarding the studio's simultaneous theatrical and HBO Max release schedule. Murphy was the first cast member to join, with the rest joining between November 2021 and April 2022. Pre-production began by January 2022, and filming took place from February to May. The cinematographer, Hoyte van Hoytema, used a combination of IMAX 65 mm and 65 mm large-format film, including, for the first time, selected scenes in IMAX black-and-white film photography. As with many of his previous films, Nolan used extensive practical effects and claimed minimal use of compositing; despite these claims, the final film contained several hundred VFX shots made by a mostly uncredited VFX crew of around 160.
Oppenheimer premiered at Le Grand Rex in Paris on Tuesday, July 11, 2023, and was theatrically released in the United States and the United Kingdom on July 21 by Universal Pictures. Its concurrent release with Warner Bros.'s Barbie was the catalyst of the "Barbenheimer" phenomenon, encouraging audiences to see both films as a double feature. Oppenheimer received widespread critical acclaim and grossed over $983 million worldwide, becoming the third-highest-grossing film of 2023. It was the highest-grossing biographical film of all time until being overtaken by Michael in 2026.
The recipient of many accolades, Oppenheimer was nominated for thirteen awards at the 96th Academy Awards and won seven, including Best Picture, Best Director (Nolan), Best Actor (Murphy), and Best Supporting Actor (Downey). It also won five Golden Globe Awards (including Best Motion Picture – Drama) and seven British Academy Film Awards (including Best Film), and was named one of the top 10 films of 2023 by the National Board of Review and the American Film Institute.

Title: Jujutsu Kaisen 0
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jujutsu_Kaisen_0
Excerpt: Jujutsu Kaisen 0 is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Gege Akutami. The manga, which was originally titled Tokyo Metropolitan Curse Technical School, was serialized in Shueisha's magazine Jump Giga from April to July 2017. After Akutami launched Jujutsu Kaisen in 2018, the series was retitled Jujutsu Kaisen 0—making it a prologue—and released in a single tankōbon volume in December 2018. It was licensed for English release in North America by Viz Media. The series follows Yuta Okkotsu, a young student who becomes a sorcerer and seeks to control the Cursed Spirit of his childhood friend Rika Orimoto.
Akutami wrote the series without any specific themes in mind, but he wanted to create cool-looking characters. Two editors often supported him while writing the manga. Jujutsu Kaisen 0 received an anime film adaptation by MAPPA, which was directed by Sunghoo Park and premiered in Japan in December 2021.
The manga was a commercial success in both Japan and North America. Critical response to the manga was generally positive; several reviewers praised Yuta's role and his relationship with Rika. Critics found Yuta more compelling than Jujutsu Kaisen's protagonist, Yuji Itadori, who, while having several similarities with Yuta, has a different characterization.