Title: Song of the South
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_of_the_South
Excerpt: Song of the South is a 1946 American  musical film directed by Harve Foster and Wilfred Jackson, produced by Walt Disney, and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the Uncle Remus stories as adapted by Joel Chandler Harris, stars James Baskett in his final film role, and features the voices of Johnny Lee, Baskett, and Nick Stewart. The live-action/animated film takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia during the Reconstruction era, a period of American history after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery. The story follows seven-year-old Johnny (Bobby Driscoll) who is visiting his grandmother's (Lucile Watson) plantation for an extended stay. Johnny befriends Uncle Remus (Baskett), an elderly worker on the plantation, and takes joy in hearing his tales about the adventures of Br'er Rabbit (Lee), Br'er Fox, and Br'er Bear (Baskett and Stewart). Johnny learns from the stories how to cope with the challenges he is experiencing while living on the plantation.
Walt Disney had wanted to produce a film based on the Uncle Remus stories for some time. In 1939, he began negotiating with the Harris family for the film rights, and in 1944, filming for Song of the South began. The studio constructed a plantation set, for the outdoor scenes, in Phoenix, Arizona, while other scenes were filmed in Hollywood. The film is predominantly live action, but includes three animated segments, which were later released as stand-alone television features. Some scenes also feature a combination of live action with animation. Song of the South premiered in Atlanta in November 1946 and the remainder of its initial theater run was a financial success. The song  "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" won the 1947 Academy Award for Best Original Song and Baskett received an Academy Honorary Award for his performance as Uncle Remus.
Since its initial release the film has attracted controversy, with critics characterizing its portrayal of African Americans and plantation life as racist. As a result of the film's controversial legacy, Disney has not released Song of the South on any home video format in the United States, and the film has never been available on its streaming platform Disney+. Some of the musical and animated sequences have been released through other means, and the full film has seen home video distribution in other countries. The cartoon characters from the film continued to appear in a variety of books, comics, and other Disney media for many decades after the film's release. The theme park ride Splash Mountain, located at Tokyo Disneyland and formerly located at Disneyland and Magic Kingdom, is based on the film's animated sequences.

Title: Dumbo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dumbo
Excerpt: Dumbo is a 1941 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based upon the storyline written by Helen Aberson and Harold Pearl, and illustrated by Helen Durney for the prototype of a novelty toy ("Roll-a-Book").
The main character is Jumbo Jr., an elephant who is ridiculed for his oversized ears and mockingly nicknamed "Dumbo", but in fact he is capable of flying by using his ears as wings. Throughout most of the film, his only true friend, aside from his mother, is a mouse named Timothy – a relationship parodying the stereotypical animosity between mice and elephants.
Produced to recoup the financial losses of both Pinocchio and Fantasia, Dumbo was a deliberate pursuit of simplicity and economy. At 64 minutes, it is one of the studio's shortest animated features. Sound was recorded conventionally using the RCA System. One voice was synthesized using the Sonovox system, but it too was recorded using the RCA System.
Dumbo was released on October 23, 1941, where it was met with critical acclaim for its story, humor, visuals, and music. The film was later criticized for stereotyping of black people. Its accolades include an Academy Award for Best Scoring of a Musical Picture. In 2017, this film was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically and aesthetically significant".
In the years following its initial release, Dumbo has remained popular, spawning a popular theme park attraction, merchandise products, a television series, and a live-action adaptation.

Title: African-American folktales
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/African-American_folktales
Excerpt: African-American folktales refer to the storytelling and oral history practices of enslaved African Americans from the 1700s through the 1900s and African Americans descendants. Common themes in African-American folktales include tricksters, life lessons, heartwarming tales, and slavery. African Americans created folktales that spoke about the hardships of slavery, telling stories of folk spirits who could outwit their slaveholders and defeat their enemies. These folk stories gave hope to enslaved people, suggesting that folk spirits would liberate them from slavery.
Folktales have also been misused to perpetuate negative stereotypes about the African American community, from minstrel shows to academic journals. One of these figures is High John de Conqueror. He often symbolized empowerment for newly freed slaves, It was said that if they needed him, his spirit resided in a local root. Other common figures in African American folktales include Anansi, Br'er Rabbit, and Uncle Monday. Many folktales are unique to African-American culture, while African, European, and Native American tales influenced others. In the present, the impact of African American folklore is apparent in Hip-hop music, where themes like gangsters and pimps are influenced by the "badman" and "trickster" archetypes.
In some contexts, folklorists employ the terms "culture keepers" or contemporary "griots" to refer to the people who contribute to the preservation of African American folklore through sharing and creation.

Title: Walt Disney Records discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Walt_Disney_Records_discography
Excerpt: This is a list of albums released by Walt Disney Records, including studio albums, soundtrack albums, compilation albums, and remix albums released by the label. Disney licensed its music to other labels from 1937 to 1956. The company started publishing its own music under Disneyland Records in 1956, eventually also adopting the Buena Vista label in 1959 for albums aimed at a slightly more adult audience and price-point (such as music from their live-action Westerns). Disneyland Records was renamed to Disneyland/Vista Records in 1971, Disneyland/Vista Records and Tapes in 1985, and its current branding, Walt Disney Records, in 1988.

Title: 1948 in animation
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1948_in_animation
Excerpt: Events in 1948 in animation.