Title: Blackmail (1929 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blackmail_(1929_film)
Excerpt: Blackmail is a 1929 British crime thriller film directed by Alfred Hitchcock and starring Anny Ondra, John Longden, Donald Calthrop and Cyril Ritchard. Based on the 1928 play of the same name by Charles Bennett, the film is about a London woman who is blackmailed after killing a man who tries to rape her.
After starting production as a silent film, British International Pictures decided to adapt Blackmail into a separate sound film. It became the first successful European talkie; a silent version was released for cinemas not equipped for sound (at 6,740 feet), with the sound version (7,136 feet) released at the same time. Both versions are held in the British Film Institute collection.
Blackmail is frequently cited as the first British sound feature film. It was voted the best British film of 1929 in a UK poll the year it was released. In 2017 a poll of 150 actors, directors, writers, producers and critics for Time Out magazine ranked Blackmail as the 59th best British film ever.
On 1 January 2025, the film's copyright expired in the United States, and it is now in the public domain.

Title: The Kid (1921 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Kid_(1921_film)
Excerpt: The Kid is a 1921 American silent comedy-drama film written, produced, directed by and starring Charlie Chaplin, and features Jackie Coogan as his foundling baby, adopted son and sidekick. This was Chaplin's first feature-length film as a director. It was a huge success and was the second-highest-grossing film in 1921. Now considered one of the greatest films of the silent era, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress in 2011.

Title: Hereditary (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hereditary_(film)
Excerpt: Hereditary is a 2018 American supernatural psychological horror film written and directed by Ari Aster in his feature directorial debut. Starring Toni Collette, Alex Wolff, Milly Shapiro, Ann Dowd, and Gabriel Byrne, the film follows Annie Graham (Collette), a grieving miniature artist who uncovers disturbing secrets about her recently deceased mother. She is subsequently tormented by sinister paranormal occurrences, along with her husband Steve (Byrne) and their children, Peter (Wolff) and Charlie (Shapiro).
Aster's work on short horror films, most notably The Strange Thing About the Johnsons, attracted the attention of A24, who greenlit Hereditary as his first feature film. Aster conceived it as primarily a family drama consisting of two distinct halves. Principal photography commenced in Salt Lake City in February 2017, with most of the indoor scenes shot on custom built sets on a soundstage to give the film a dollhouse aesthetic.
Hereditary premiered at the Sundance Film Festival on January 21, 2018, and was theatrically released in the United States on June 8. The film received critical acclaim, with particular praise for Collette's performance, and was a commercial success, grossing $90 million against its $10 million production budget. It is frequently listed as one of the scariest movies ever made.

Title: The Long Walk (2025 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Long_Walk_(2025_film)
Excerpt: The Long Walk is a 2025 American dystopian survival thriller film directed by Francis Lawrence and written by JT Mollner. It is based on the 1979 novel by Stephen King. The film stars Cooper Hoffman, David Jonsson, Garrett Wareing, Tut Nyuot, Joshua Odjick, Charlie Plummer, Ben Wang, Roman Griffin Davis, Josh Hamilton, Judy Greer, and Mark Hamill.
Set in a dystopian 1970s style America, the film follows fifty boys in an annually televised competitive walking contest, meant to inspire viewers. Each boy must maintain a pace of three miles per hour (4.8 km/h) of nonstop walking for days, and failure to do so after three warnings results in death. The boy who lasts the longest wins a large cash prize and the fulfilment of one wish of his choice.
The Long Walk was released in the United States by Lionsgate on September 12, 2025. The film received positive reviews from critics and grossed $63 million on a budget of $20 million.

Title: 2026 in film
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2026_in_film
Excerpt: 2026 in film is an overview of events in the film industry scheduled to occur in 2026. Best Picture Academy Award-winners All Quiet on the Western Front and Cimarron entered the public domain this year.