Title: List of Marvel Cinematic Universe films
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Marvel_Cinematic_Universe_films
Excerpt: The Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) centers on American superhero films produced by Marvel Studios, based on characters from Marvel Comics publications. The MCU is the shared universe in which all of the films are set. Marvel Studios has released 38 films since 2008 and has at least eight more in various stages of development.
Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige has produced every MCU film, with some films having additional producers and production companies. The Spider-Man films are owned, financed, and distributed by Sony Pictures and co-produced by Sony's Columbia Pictures and Pascal Pictures. The MCU films are written and directed by various individuals and feature large, often ensemble, casts. They are released in groups called "Phases", with three phases making up a "Saga". The MCU is the highest-grossing film franchise of all time, grossing over $34.8 billion at the global box office. This includes Avengers: Endgame, which became the highest-grossing film ever at the time of its release in 2019.
The films from Phases One, Two, and Three are collectively known as "The Infinity Saga". The first MCU film, Iron Man (2008), was distributed by Paramount Pictures. Paramount also distributed Iron Man 2 (2010), Thor (2011), and Captain America: The First Avenger (2011), while Universal Pictures distributed The Incredible Hulk (2008). Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures began distributing the series with the crossover film The Avengers (2012), which concluded Phase One. Phase Two comprises Iron Man 3 (2013), Thor: The Dark World (2013), Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), and Ant-Man (2015). Captain America: Civil War (2016) started Phase Three, followed by Doctor Strange (2016), Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017), Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017), Thor: Ragnarok (2017), Black Panther (2018), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018), Captain Marvel (2019), Avengers: Endgame, and Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019).
The films from Phases Four, Five, and Six are collectively known as "The Multiverse Saga". These phases also include television series and television specials streaming on Disney+. The Phase Four films are Black Widow (2021), Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021), Eternals (2021), Spider-Man: No Way Home (2021), Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (2022), Thor: Love and Thunder (2022), and Black Panther: Wakanda Forever (2022). Phase Five features Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania (2023), Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 (2023), The Marvels (2023), Deadpool & Wolverine (2024), Captain America: Brave New World (2025), and Thunderbolts* (2025). Phase Six began with The Fantastic Four: First Steps (2025), and also includes Spider-Man: Brand New Day (2026), Avengers: Doomsday (2026), and Avengers: Secret Wars (2027).
The next MCU saga will start with an X-Men film in 2028, followed by Ghost Rider and Black Panther III later that year.

Title: Inhumans (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inhumans_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Marvel's Inhumans, or simply Inhumans, is an American television series created by Scott Buck for ABC based on the Marvel Comics race of Inhumans. It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and acknowledges the franchise's other television series. It was produced by ABC Studios and Marvel Television in association with Devilina Productions, and was co-financed by IMAX Entertainment in a deal that gave the series a theatrical premiere. Buck served as showrunner on the series.
The series is centered on Black Bolt, portrayed by Anson Mount, and other members of the Inhuman Royal Family. Serinda Swan, Ken Leung, Eme Ikwuakor, Isabelle Cornish, Ellen Woglom, and Iwan Rheon also star. Marvel Studios announced an Inhumans film in 2014 as part of their Phase Three slate of films, with the species first introduced to the MCU in the series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. The film was removed from Marvel Studios' slate in April 2016, and the Inhumans series was announced that November, to be partly filmed using IMAX cameras. Buck joined the series in October, and Mount was cast in February 2017. Filming took place from March to June 2017, at the former Naval Air Station Barbers Point airfield in Kalaeloa, Hawaii and various locations on the island of Oahu.
Inhumans debuted on IMAX screens on September 1, 2017, the first live-action television series to do so. The theatrical run lasted two weeks, before the series premiered on ABC on September 29 and ran for eight episodes, concluding on November 10. The series was met with unfavorable reviews and low television ratings, and was canceled by ABC in May 2018. Mount reprised his role as an alternate version of Black Bolt in Marvel Studios' MCU film Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (2022).

Title: The Gifted (American TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Gifted_(American_TV_series)
Excerpt: The Gifted is an American superhero television series created by Matt Nix for Fox.  Based on Marvel Comics featuring the superhero team the X-Men, it set in an alternate timeline to the X-Men film series where the X-Men have disappeared. The show was produced by 20th Century Fox Television in association with Marvel Television, with Nix serving as showrunner.
The series stars Stephen Moyer and Amy Acker as ordinary parents who take their family on the run after they discover their children's mutant abilities. Sean Teale, Natalie Alyn Lind, Percy Hynes White, Coby Bell, Jamie Chung, Blair Redford, and Emma Dumont also star in the show, with Skyler Samuels and Grace Byers joining them with the second season. The series received a put pilot commitment at Fox after a previous attempted X-Men television series did not move forward at the network in 2016; The Gifted was ordered to series in May 2017.
The Gifted's first season aired from October 2, 2017, to January 15, 2018, and consisted of 13 episodes. It received mostly positive reviews from critics and "solid" viewership. The second season began airing on September 25, 2018, consisting of 16 episodes. On April 17, 2019, Fox canceled the series after two seasons.

Title: Inhumans premiere
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inhumans_premiere
Excerpt: The series premiere of the American television series Inhumans, consisting of the episodes "Behold... The Inhumans" and "Those Who Would Destroy Us", was first released as an IMAX film before being broadcast on ABC as two separate episodes. Based on the Marvel Comics race Inhumans, the premiere is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and acknowledges the franchise's other television series. The episodes were written by showrunner Scott Buck, directed by Roel Reiné, and star Anson Mount as Black Bolt alongside Serinda Swan, Ken Leung, Eme Ikwuakor, Isabelle Cornish, Ellen Woglom, and Iwan Rheon. In the premiere, Black Bolt and other members of the Inhuman Royal Family are exiled to Hawaii after a coup by Black Bolt's brother Maximus.
Inhumans was announced in November 2016 from ABC Studios and Marvel Television, with IMAX Entertainment as a financing partner. Reiné was hired in January 2017, with Mount cast the next month. Filming began in March 2017, at the former Naval Air Station Barbers Point airfield in Kalaeloa, Hawaii and various locations on the island of Oahu. The episodes were filmed on IMAX digital cameras, with new camera lenses created specifically for use on the series. The ABC version of the episodes features additional, exclusive content that was not included in the theatrical version of the premiere. Visual effects were provided by seven visual effects houses, which were designed to be shown on IMAX screens but created on a television budget and schedule.
The IMAX presentation of the episodes premiered in Los Angeles on August 28, 2017, and debuted in IMAX theaters on September 1, following months of poorly received marketing. Inhumans was the first live-action television series to debut in IMAX, and ran for two weeks, earning $3.5 million. "Behold... The Inhumans" and "Those Who Would Destroy Us" premiered on ABC on September 29, and were watched by 5.58 million viewers within a week of their release. Both versions of the premiere received negative reviews, with particular criticism going to the production value, which was compared to the rest of the MCU, as well as the acting and writing.

Title: Marvel Zombies (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Zombies_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Marvel Zombies is an American adult animated television series created by Bryan Andrews and Zeb Wells for the streaming service Disney+, based on the Marvel Comics series of the same name. It is the 16th television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) from Marvel Studios and is produced by Marvel Studios Animation. The series is a spin-off of the animated series What If...? (2021–2024), set in the alternate timeline introduced in the first season episode "What If... Zombies?!" (2021). Continuing from that episode, Marvel Zombies follows a group of survivors as they risk their lives fighting superpowered zombies to save the world. Andrews served as showrunner and director, with Wells as head writer.
The series features an ensemble cast including Iman Vellani, Dominique Thorne, Hailee Steinfeld, Kerry Condon, Kenna Ramsey, Todd Williams, Kari Wahlgren, Florence Pugh, David Harbour, Simu Liu, Awkwafina, Randall Park, Feodor Chin, Wyatt Russell, Rama Vallury, Elizabeth Olsen, Hudson Thames, Paul Rudd, Greg Furman, Adam Hugill, Daniel Swain, Sheila Atim, Tessa Thompson, F. Murray Abraham, and Zenobia Shroff. Marvel Studios was developing several animated series in addition to What If...? by June 2021, including a spin-off based on "What If... Zombies?!" which was announced in November. Wells and Andrews were both involved by then. The series features the same animation style as What If...?, with Stellar Creative Lab returning from that series to provide the animation. It is Marvel Studios Animation's first series to be rated TV-MA.
Marvel Zombies was released on Disney+ on September 24, 2025, and consists of four episodes. It is a part of Phase Six of the MCU. It received generally positive reviews from critics. A second season is in production.