Title: List of climbers and mountaineers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_climbers_and_mountaineers
Excerpt: This is a list of climbers and mountaineers who are notable for their activities in mountaineering (including alpine climbing), rock climbing (including aid climbing, free climbing, bouldering, speed climbing and competition climbing) or in ice climbing (including mixed climbing).

Title: Seven Summits
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_Summits
Excerpt: The Seven Summits are the highest mountains on each of the seven traditional continents. On 30 April 1985, Richard Bass became the first climber to reach the summit of all seven.
In January 2023, Climbing said "Today, the Seven Summits are a relatively common—almost cliché—tour of each continent's highest peak", and while reaching the peak of the "Seven Summits" is no longer considered a significant achievement amongst mountaineers, it remains a popular challenge for "adventure mountaineers" using expedition climbing techniques.

Title: Patrick Morrow
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Patrick_Morrow
Excerpt: Patrick Allan Morrow,  (born October 18, 1952) is a Canadian photographer and mountain climber. In 1986 he was the first person to climb the Seven Summits in the Carstensz-Version.

Title: Wasfia Nazreen
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wasfia_Nazreen
Excerpt: Wasfia Nazreen (Bengali: ওয়াসফিয়া নাজরীন born 27 October 1982) is a Bangladeshi mountaineer, activist, social worker and environmentalist.
Nazreen is the first Bengali and Bangladeshi to scale K2, the world's second highest and most dangerous peak becoming one of the 40 women in history since 1954 to have successfully scaled K2.
Nazreen earlier became the first Bangladeshi and first Bengali to complete the Seven Summits (Reinhold Messner's list) on 18 November 2015.
Nazreen dedicated her 2012 Mount Everest climb to the women of Bangladesh, saying: "We have achieved independence 41 years ago, but our women are yet to enjoy freedom."
National Geographic recognized Nazreen as one of their Adventurers of the Year 2014/2015. She was selected in honor of her activism and commitment to empowering women through her work in the field of adventure. She was again selected as one of their Explorers in 2016, becoming the only woman to hold the simultaneous titles of National Geographic Explorer and Adventurer.
Nazreen is credited in Bangladesh history as the nation's inspiration and one of the legendary women to have made a pioneering contribution. Nazreen is also known for her campaigns to raise awareness of animal rights, human rights situations in Tibet, environmental impacts, Bangladeshi women's rights: including sex workers and garment factory workers, Sherpa people and other high-altitude workers' rights, and Indigenous groups. In 2011, Nazreen testified at the 10th session of UNPFII: United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, against the continued oppression and land-grabbing of Adibashis, or indigenous people of Bangladesh, by people of her own ethnicity.
In 2023, Nazreen was invited by the government of France and Paris Organising Committee for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games as one of the first cohorts of athletes to be decorated in the Hall of Fame for Paris 2024. In 2021, Nazreen was one of the activists to launch UNESCO's worldwide Forum on Biodiversity. In 2019, Nazreen was featured in UN Women's "Generation Equality" campaign.
In 2018, Nazreen's efforts were monumental in leading and garnering international support for the Free Shahidul campaign. One of Nazreen's mentors and Bangladesh's highly decorated photojournalist Dr. Shahidul Alam was picked up by pain-clothed men shortly after giving an interview to Al Jazeera that criticized the government's violent response to the 2018 Bangladesh road safety protests. Amongst other feats during Dr. Alam's months-long imprisonment, Nazreen flew a plane with a banner message "Free our Teachers" circling around the sky of Manhattan, New York City, for one and half hours calling for press freedom in Bangladesh and beyond, while the UN was holding a General Assembly and the PM of Bangladesh was inside the building.
In 2016 and 2017, Nazreen was named by Outside as one of 40 women in the last 40 years who have advanced and challenged the outdoor world through their leadership, innovation, and athletic feats, and by Men's Journal as one of the 25 most adventurous women of the past 25 years.

Title: Wedding of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wedding_of_Taylor_Swift_and_Travis_Kelce
Excerpt: The American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift and the American football player Travis Kelce married on July 3, 2026, in a private ceremony at the Madison Square Garden (MSG) in Manhattan, New York City. The pair confirmed their relationship in September 2023, and after two years of dating, they became engaged in August 2025, when Kelce proposed to Swift at a garden in Lee's Summit, Missouri. Their engagement announcement on Instagram became one of the most-liked posts on the platform, and their nuptials generated extensive press coverage.
Swift and Kelce did not publicize the wedding venue, planning, or guest list, which therefore became topics of widespread media speculation up until the wedding day. The couple chose MSG, an indoor arena, as the venue for its large, secure, and enclosed space. An intimate rehearsal dinner took place on July 2, 2026, with 100 guests at the Infosys Theater. It was followed by an extravagant wedding ceremony on the arena floor, transformed into a decorated garden, on July 3. The ceremony was attended by about 1,000 friends and colleagues of the couple, including celebrities and public figures from the music, film, television, sports, fashion, and media industries, who also signed non-disclosure agreements.
French luxury brands Dior, Christian Louboutin, and Cartier designed the matrimonial attire of Swift and Kelce. American actor Adam Sandler officiated the ceremony, and the couple's siblings Austin Swift and Jason Kelce served as the man of honor and best man, respectively. Music artists Paul McCartney, Stevie Nicks, Tim McGraw, Avril Lavigne, Ciara, Fergie, Tate McRae, and Ice Spice performed at the wedding. Restaurants Sartiano's and Zero Bond catered the occasion. The Government of New York City granted a special-event permit, with the couple covering the expenses incurred by the security and traffic control provided by the New York City Police Department (NYPD). With both Swift and Kelce being influential figures in the entertainment industry, many journalists and cultural critics described the wedding as an American royal function and a symbolic union of football and pop music.