Title: Vestfold
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vestfold
Excerpt: Vestfold (pronounced [ˈvɛ̂stfɔɫ] ) is a  county in Eastern Norway. Located on the western shore of the Oslofjord, it borders Buskerud and Telemark counties. The capital and largest city of the county is Tønsberg, Norway's oldest city. With the exception of the city-county of Oslo, Vestfold is the smallest county in Norway by area.
Vestfold is located west of the Oslofjord, as the name indicates. It includes many smaller, but well-known towns in Norway, such as Holmestrand, Horten, Åsgårdstrand, Tønsberg, Sandefjord, Larvik and Stavern; these towns run from Oslo in an almost constant belt of urban areas along the coast, ending in Grenland in neighbouring county Telemark. The river Numedalslågen runs through the county. Many islands are located at the coast. Vestfold is mostly dominated by lowland and is among the best agricultural areas of Norway. Winters last about three months, while pleasant summer temperatures last from May to September, with a July average high of 17 °C (63 °F).
Vestfold is traditionally known for shipping and sailing. Sandefjord was formerly a headquarters for the Norwegian whaling fleet, and Horten used to be Norway's main naval port. The coastal towns of Vestfold now engage in fishing and shipbuilding. Some lumbering is carried on in the interior. The area also includes some of the best farmland in Norway.
Vestfold merged with neighboring Telemark on 1 January 2020 as part of a nationwide municipal reform. The new county was Vestfold og Telemark. Vestfold was re-established on 1 January 2024, following a vote of the county council of Vestfold og Telemark on 15 February 2022 to split the newly established county into its respective counties that existed before the merger took place; Telemark and Vestfold. 
Vestfold was until 2019 the only county in which all municipalities had declared Bokmål to be their sole official written form of the Norwegian language. From its re-establishment in 2024, Vestfold is the only county in Norway to have Bokmål as the official written form.

Title: Counties of Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Counties_of_Norway
Excerpt: The 15 counties of Norway are the first-level administrative divisions of Norway. The counties are further subdivided into 357 municipalities (Norwegian: kommune). The island territories of Svalbard and Jan Mayen are outside the county divisions and they are ruled directly from the national level. The capital city of Oslo is both a county and a municipality.
In 2017, the Solberg government decided to abolish some of the counties and to merge them with other counties to form larger ones, reducing the number of counties from 19 to 11, which was implemented on 1 January 2020. This sparked popular opposition, with some calling for the reform to be reversed. The Storting voted to partly undo the reform on 14 June 2022, with Norway to have 15 counties from 1 January 2024. Three of the newly merged counties, namely Vestfold og Telemark, Viken and Troms og Finnmark, were dissolved and the old counties existing before the reform re-established with a few minor changes as some municipalities merged across former county borders and some switched counties during the 2020 local government reform (Regionreformen i Norge).

Title: Vestfold Hills
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vestfold_Hills
Excerpt: The Vestfold Hills are rounded, rocky, coastal hills, 512 square kilometres (198 sq mi) in extent, on the north side of Sorsdal Glacier on the Ingrid Christensen Coast of Princess Elizabeth Land, Antarctica. The hills are subdivided by three west-trending peninsulas bounded by narrow fjords. Most of the hills range between 30 and 90 metres (98 and 300 ft) in height, with the highest summit reaching nearly 160 metres (520 ft).

Title: Psychiatry of Vestfold Trust
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Psychiatry_of_Vestfold_Trust
Excerpt: Psychiatry of Vestfold Trust (Psykiatrien i Vestfold HF; PiV) was until 2011 Norway's only health trust which deals solely with psychiatric issues and is based in Vestfold. From 2012 it is a part of Vestfold Hospital.
The psychiatry in Vestfold was separated from Vestfold Hospital in 2000 and is organised in the following sections: 

Nordre Vestfold DPS (formerly Linde and Grefsrud) - based in Tønsberg and Holmestrand.
Søndre Vestfold DPS (formerly Furubakken and Preståsen) - based in Larvik and Sandefjord.
Psychiatric medicine. Deals with acute cases, long-term psychiatric treatment, special polyclinics for treatment of ADHD, ECT therapy and help for young people with psychosis.
Children and young people's psychiatry (BUPA)
The Vestfold Clinic
Glenne Centre for autism
The overall head of Psychiatry of Vestfold Trust is currently administrative director Finn Hall.

Title: Vestfold og Telemark
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vestfold_og_Telemark
Excerpt: Vestfold og Telemark (Urban East Norwegian: [ˈvɛ̂stfɔɫ ɔ ˈtêːləmɑrk]; lit. 'Vestfold and Telemark') was a county in Norway, which existed from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2023. The county was the southernmost one of Eastern Norway and consisted of two distinct and separate traditional regions: the former counties of Telemark and (most of) Vestfold. The capital was located in the town of Skien, which was also the county's largest city. While Skien was the seat of the county municipality, the seat of the County Governor was Tønsberg. It bordered the counties of Viken, Vestland, Rogaland and Agder until its dissolution.
Telemark voted against the merger, on the basis that the regions have nothing in common and do not constitute a natural geographical, cultural, social or political entity. Regardless, the Storting voted on 7 January 2018 to merge the counties by force, and the merger took effect on 1 January 2020. Unlike Telemark or Vestfold, it does not form a traditional or cultural region, but is instead administrative.
On 15 February 2022, the county council decided to vote for the future of Vestfold og Telemark county as it was reported that politicians did not co-operate well across the former county borders. With 42 votes against 19, the county council voted for a separation of the county into its former counties of Telemark and Vestfold. Representatives to the respective county councils were elected in the 2023 local elections and the old counties was to be re-established on 1 January 2024.
On 31 December 2023, the county ceased to exist. The new counties of Telemark and Vestfold were re-established on 1 January 2024.