Title: List of Harry Potter characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Harry_Potter_characters
Excerpt: This is a list of notable characters found in the fictional universe of Harry Potter. Each character appears in at least one of the following works written, co-written or based on a story by J. K. Rowling:

The seven original Harry Potter novels (1997–2007)
The three films in the Fantastic Beasts series (2016–2022)
Quidditch Through the Ages (2001)
The Tales of Beedle the Bard (2008)
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (2016)
Short Stories from Hogwarts of Power, Politics and Pesky Poltergeists (2016)
Short Stories from Hogwarts of Heroism, Hardship and Dangerous Hobbies (2016)
Hogwarts: An Incomplete and Unreliable Guide (2016)
The Harry Potter prequel (2008)

Title: List of Community characters
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Community_characters
Excerpt: Community is an American television sitcom created by Dan Harmon that ran for 110 episodes. The show, set at the fictional Greendale Community College, depicts the on-campus exploits of a close-knit study group. In the pilot, the main cast members are Joel McHale, Gillian Jacobs, Danny Pudi, Yvette Nicole Brown, Alison Brie, Donald Glover, and Chevy Chase. Ken Jeong joined the main cast starting with the second episode, and Jim Rash was promoted to the main cast at the start of the third season. John Oliver, Jonathan Banks, Paget Brewster, and Keith David also played major roles throughout their stints while not actually being credited among the main cast. The series also features recurring characters, mainly fellow students or teachers at Greendale.

Title: Production of Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Production_of_Avengers:_Infinity_War_and_Avengers:_Endgame
Excerpt: Avengers: Infinity War and Avengers: Endgame are American superhero films based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers, produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. They are the sequels to The Avengers (2012) and Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), and respectively serve as the 19th and 22nd films of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). Both films were directed by Anthony and Joe Russo from screenplays by the writing team of Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely. They feature an ensemble cast composed of many previous MCU actors, headlined by Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Don Cheadle, Karen Gillan, Bradley Cooper, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Josh Brolin. In Infinity War, the Avengers, the Guardians of the Galaxy, and their allies unite to prevent Thanos from collecting the six all-powerful Infinity Stones and using them to kill half of all life in the universe. In Endgame, after failing to stop Thanos, the surviving heroes attempt to reverse his actions through time travel.
Preparation for a film adaptation of Jim Starlin's 1991 The Infinity Gauntlet comic book began with Marvel Studios' early films, which introduced the Infinity Stones as plot devices and teased a future storyline with Thanos as the villain. Downey Jr. signed on in June 2013 to reprise his role as Tony Stark / Iron Man, Brolin was cast as Thanos the next May, and many other actors were confirmed to be appearing in the following years. The films were officially announced in October 2014 as Avengers: Infinity War – Part 1 and Part 2. The Russo brothers and Markus and McFeely joined the project in early 2015. The first film's title was shortened to Avengers: Infinity War in July 2016. The second film's title was withheld until December 2018, when it was announced as Avengers: Endgame. The films were renamed because they were intended to tell two different stories. They were designed to conclude the "Infinity Saga" storyline that had been told throughout all MCU films up to that point and end the character arcs of Stark and Steve Rogers / Captain America (Evans).
Both films were shot back-to-back at Pinewood Atlanta Studios in Fayette County, Georgia. Production on Infinity War took place from January 23 to July 14, 2017, with additional filming in Scotland, the Downtown Atlanta area, and New York City. Filming for Endgame took place from August 10 to January 11, 2018, with additional filming in the Downtown and Metro Atlanta areas, the state of New York, Scotland, and England. Final reshoots for Endgame were held in January 2019. The films were the first Hollywood productions to be shot entirely in digital IMAX, using a new camera developed with Arri. Jeffrey Ford and Matthew Schmidt edited both films, and Alan Silvestri returned from The Avengers to compose the musical score. Visual effects companies for both films included Industrial Light & Magic, Framestore, Weta Digital, DNEG, Cinesite, Digital Domain, Rise, Lola VFX, and Perception. Prominent visual effects include the digital characters Thanos and Hulk (Ruffalo) using new performance capture technology, and multiple digital de-aging sequences.
Avengers: Infinity War was released on April 27, 2018, and Avengers: Endgame was released on April 26, 2019, both part of Phase Three of the MCU.

Title: Megalopolis (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megalopolis_(film)
Excerpt: Megalopolis is a 2024 American epic science fiction drama film written, directed, and produced by Francis Ford Coppola. The film features an ensemble cast including Adam Driver, Giancarlo Esposito, Nathalie Emmanuel, Aubrey Plaza, Shia LaBeouf, Jon Voight, Laurence Fishburne, Talia Shire, Jason Schwartzman, Kathryn Hunter, Grace VanderWaal in her feature film debut, Chloe Fineman, James Remar, D. B. Sweeney, and Dustin Hoffman. Set in an alternate 21st-century New York City (restyled "New Rome"), the story follows visionary architect Cesar Catilina (Driver) as he clashes with the corrupt Mayor Franklyn Cicero (Esposito), who opposes Catilina's plans to revitalize New Rome by building the futuristic utopia "Megalopolis". The film draws on Roman history, particularly the Catilinarian conspiracy of 63 BC and the decay of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire.
In 1977, Coppola had the idea to make a film drawing parallels between the fall of the Roman Republic and the future of the United States by retelling the Catilinarian conspiracy in modern New York. Although he began plotting the film in 1983, the project spent decades in development hell. Coppola attempted to produce the film in 1989 and again in 2001, but each time, the studios refused to finance the film, due to Coppola's string of late-career box-office disappointments and the September 11 attacks, respectively. Disillusioned by the studio system, Coppola did not produce Megalopolis until he built a large fortune in the winemaking business. He spent $120 million of his own money to make the film. Principal photography took place in Georgia from November 2022 to March 2023.
The film reunited Coppola with past collaborators, including actors Esposito, Fishburne, Remar, Shire, and Sweeney, cinematographer Mihai Mălaimare Jr., composer Osvaldo Golijov, and Coppola's son, second-unit director Roman Coppola. Like several other Coppola films, Megalopolis had a troubled production. Coppola adopted an experimental style, encouraging his actors to improvise and write certain scenes during the shoot, and adding his own last-minute changes to the script. Members of the art department and visual effects team, among others, left or were fired from the film.
Megalopolis was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or at the 77th Cannes Film Festival, but polarized critics and Hollywood studios. Coppola could not find a studio that would both reimburse his production costs and pay for a large marketing campaign. He opted to pay for an advertising campaign, with Lionsgate theatrically releasing the film in the United States. It endured a troubled run-up to release: a trailer was removed for using fabricated pull quotes, and Coppola sued trade publication Variety for libel after it published allegations of sexual misconduct by him on set. The film premiered at Cannes on May 16, 2024, and was released theatrically on September 27, 2024. It was a commercial failure, grossing $14.4 million against a budget of $120 to $136 million. Critical reviews were mixed, with some  praising the film's ambition, originality, and style while others found it chaotic and uneven. Critics were also greatly polarized on the acting and story.

Title: Characters of The Last of Us (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Characters_of_The_Last_of_Us_(TV_series)
Excerpt: The Last of Us, an American post-apocalyptic drama television series for HBO based on the video game franchise, features an ensemble cast. The first season, based on 2013's The Last of Us, follows Joel (Pedro Pascal) and Ellie (Bella Ramsey) as they travel across the United States. In the second season, based on the first half of 2020's The Last of Us Part II, they have settled in Jackson, Wyoming, with Joel's brother Tommy (Gabriel Luna) and Ellie's friends Dina (Isabela Merced) and Jesse (Young Mazino). After Joel's death, the group travels to Seattle to track down his killer, Abby (Kaitlyn Dever), who is set to be the focus of the third season.
The first season sought high-profile guest stars, such as Anna Torv as Joel's partner Tess, Merle Dandridge and Melanie Lynskey as resistance leaders Marlene and Kathleen, Nick Offerman and Murray Bartlett as survivalists Bill and Frank, Rutina Wesley as Tommy's wife Maria, and Storm Reid as Ellie's best friend Riley. Wesley returned in the second season, which featured guest stars for Jackson-based characters like Robert John Burke as bar owner Seth, Catherine O'Hara as therapist Gail, and Joe Pantoliano as Gail's husband Eugene, as well as Seattle-based characters such as Jeffrey Wright as militia leader Isaac, and Spencer Lord, Tati Gabrielle, Ariela Barer, and Danny Ramirez as Abby's friends Owen, Nora, Mel, and Manny, respectively.
Series creators and writers Craig Mazin and Neil Druckmann felt the television medium allowed an opportunity to explore characters' backstories further than the games, which Druckmann wrote and co-directed. Casting took place virtually through Zoom due to the COVID-19 pandemic, with several high-profile guest stars cast for singular or few episodes. Pascal and Ramsey were cast for their abilities to embody the characters and imitate their relationship. The performances of the main and guest cast throughout the series received critical acclaim for their chemistry and several have received accolades, including two wins and 15 nominations at the Primetime Emmy Awards.