Title: Deal barracks bombing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deal_barracks_bombing
Excerpt: The Deal barracks bombing was an attack by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) on the Royal Marine Depot, Deal, England. It took place at 8:22 am on 22 September 1989, when the IRA exploded a time bomb at the Royal Marines School of Music building. The building collapsed, killing 11 marines from the Royal Marines Band Service and wounding another 21.

Title: Glenanne barracks bombing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glenanne_barracks_bombing
Excerpt: The Glenanne barracks bombing was a large truck bomb attack carried out by the Provisional IRA against a British Army (Ulster Defence Regiment) base at Glenanne, near Mountnorris, County Armagh. The driverless lorry was rolled down a hill at the rear of the barracks and crashed through the perimeter fence. The bombing took place on 31 May 1991 and left three soldiers dead and 14 people wounded, four of them civilians.

Title: Thiepval barracks bombing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thiepval_barracks_bombing
Excerpt: The Thiepval Barracks bombing was a double car bomb attack carried out by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) on 7 October 1996. The bombs exploded inside Thiepval Barracks, the British Army headquarters in Northern Ireland. One British soldier was killed and 31 people were injured. This bombing was the first major attack on a military base in Northern Ireland since the end of the IRA's ceasefire eight months earlier.

Title: Chelsea Barracks bombing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chelsea_Barracks_bombing
Excerpt: The Chelsea Barracks bombing was an attack carried out by a London-based Active Service Unit (ASU) of the Provisional IRA on 10 October 1981, using a remote-controlled nail bomb. The bomb targeted a bus carrying British Army soldiers just outside Chelsea Barracks. The blast killed two civilians and injured 40 people, among them 23 soldiers.

Title: Glamorgan barracks bombing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glamorgan_barracks_bombing
Excerpt: The Glamorgan barracks bombing was the bombing of a British Army military barracks in Duisburg, West Germany, carried out by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA). The attack injured nine soldiers. The Glamorgan barracks housed soldiers from the Royal Corps of Transport. Seventy soldiers were sleeping at the time of the explosion. The two 20 lb (9 kg) bombs blew a hole in the barracks and tore the roof. Nine British soldiers received minor wounds. It was the first IRA attack on the European mainland since the Netherlands attacks in May. The two bombs were placed some eight yards inside the barracks compound, against the wall of the quarters were some 70 soldiers were sleeping. None of the nine injured soldiers needed hospital treatment, although an army sergeant spokesman said they were very lucky nobody was killed. Moments after the blast police saw the IRA getaway car run a red light and  gave chase, but the IRA unit fired shots at the police car and the police gave up the chase, letting the IRA volunteers escape.
A month after the Glamorgan barracks bombing, the IRA bombed Roy barracks in Düsseldorf, West Germany. The blast tore part of the roof and wounded three British soldiers and a civilian.