Title: Nymphaea
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea
Excerpt: Nymphaea () is a genus of hardy and tender aquatic plants in the family Nymphaeaceae. The genus has a cosmopolitan distribution. Many species are cultivated as ornamental plants, and many cultivars have been bred. Some taxa occur as introduced species where they are not native, and some are weeds. Plants of the genus are known commonly as water lilies, or waterlilies in the United Kingdom.

Title: Nymphaea alba
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea_alba
Excerpt: Nymphaea alba – commonly called the white water lily, European white water lily, or white nenuphar ( NEN-yuu-far) – is an aquatic flowering plant in the family Nymphaeaceae. It is native to North Africa, temperate Asia, Europe, and tropical Asia (Jammu and Kashmir).
Since Nymphaea alba is an aquatic plant, its specialized trichomes are hydropotes, formed at an abaxial surface of the young leaf and packed tightly in the rosette at the rhizome's flattened apex. The rhizomes contain high amounts of carbohydrate and protein.

Title: Nymphaea nouchali var. caerulea
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea_nouchali_var._caerulea
Excerpt: Nymphaea nouchali var. caerulea, or simply Nymphaea caerulea, also known as blue lotus or blue water lily among many other names, is a water lily in the genus Nymphaea, a botanical variety of Nymphaea nouchali.
It is an aquatic plant of freshwater lakes, pools and rivers, naturally found throughout most of the eastern half of Africa, as well as parts of southern Arabia, but has also been spread to other regions as an ornamental plant. It can tolerate the roots being in anoxic mud in nutritionally poor conditions, and can become a dominant plant in deeper water in such habitats. The underwater rhizomes are edible.
It features prominently in Egyptian mythology and art, symbolizing the sun and rebirth and has been found in pharaohs' tombs. It may have been used for aphrodisiac and religious purposes, including in rituals like Hathor's Festival of Drunkenness. The plant contains the psychoactive alkaloids nuciferine and apomorphine, which interact with the serotonin, dopamine, and adrenergic systems. Modern recreational use, primarily through drinking infusions or vaping, has been associated with toxicity, causing symptoms like sedation and perceptual disturbances. Recent research by UC Berkeley confirmed that the authentic Nymphaea caerulea is chemically distinct from many products sold online, which contain significantly less of the alkaloid nuciferine and are misidentified water lilies.
Nymphaea caerulea, first described by Marie Jules César Savigny in 1798, was later classified as a variety of Nymphaea nouchali by Bernard Verdcourt in 1989. Though it is still most commonly referred to as a variety of Nymphaea nouchali, recent phylogenetic studies have problematized the taxonomy. When defined taxonomically as   Nymphaea nouchali var. caerulea, it is considered synonymous with Nymphaea capensis. When considered taxonomically as Nymphaea caerulea, it is now rare due to habitat loss from the Aswan Dam.

Title: Nymphaea lotus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea_lotus
Excerpt: Nymphaea lotus, the white Egyptian lotus, tiger lotus, white lotus, or Egyptian water-lily, is a flowering plant of the family Nymphaeaceae.

Title: Nymphaea nouchali
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea_nouchali
Excerpt: Nymphaea nouchali, often known by its synonym Nymphaea stellata, or by common names blue lotus, star lotus, red water lily, dwarf aquarium lily, blue water lily, blue star water lily or manel flower, is a water lily of genus Nymphaea. It is native to southern and eastern parts of Asia, and is the national flower of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka. This species is usually considered to include the blue Egyptian lotus N. nouchali var. caerulea. In the past, taxonomic confusion has occurred, with the name Nymphaea nouchali incorrectly applied to Nymphaea pubescens.