Title: William Boyd
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Boyd
Excerpt: William, Willie, Will or Bill Boyd may refer to:

Title: William Boyd (writer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Boyd_(writer)
Excerpt: William Andrew Murray Boyd  (born 7 March 1952) is a Scottish novelist, short story writer, screenwriter, and film director. He is best known for his novels, which include  A Good Man in Africa (1981), Any Human Heart (2002), and  Restless (2006), many of which have received critical acclaim and literary awards. Boyd has also written screenplays for film and television, including Chaplin (1992), and directed the World War I drama  The Trench (1999). 
His work is characterised by its narrative vitality and range, earning him numerous accolades including the Whitbread First Novel Award, the James Tait Black Memorial Prize, and the Costa Book Award. A number of his works are what he describes as "whole-life" novels which follow a protagonist through the highs and lows of a varied and often remarkable life. He regularly fuses fact with fiction and his lead characters encounter well-known historical figures. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2005 for services to literature. John Self, writing for The Booker Prizes, described Boyd’s work as “vigorous, entertaining novels” produced by an “exceptionally fertile imagination,” and praised his fiction as “fully committed to his stories and characters.”

Title: The Romantic (Boyd novel)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Romantic_(Boyd_novel)
Excerpt: The Romantic is the seventeenth novel by British author William Boyd, published in 2022, by Viking Penguin. The book is another of Boyd's 'whole-life' fictional biographies. It follows the story of Cashel Greville Ross, an Irishman born in 1799, whose life traverses significant events and locales of the 19th century. Boyd employs a first-person narrative to chronicle Cashel's diverse roles and adventures, creating a narrative that intertwines fact and fiction.
The book is dedicated to Boyd's wife, Susan.

Title: Gabriel's Moon
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabriel%27s_Moon
Excerpt: Gabriel's Moon is the eighteenth novel by British author  William Boyd, published in 2024, by Viking Penguin. Set against the backdrop of the Cold War in the early 1960s, the book follows Gabriel Dax, a travel writer who becomes inadvertently entangled in international espionage. The narrative explores themes of memory, identity, and betrayal. The story includes Boyd's regular blending of historical and fictional people and events. It is the fourth Boyd novel to heavily feature  espionage, following Restless (2006), Waiting for Sunrise (2012) and Solo (2013) his James Bond continuation novel.

Title: The Predicament
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Predicament
Excerpt: The Predicament is the nineteenth novel by British author  William Boyd, published in 2025, by Atlantic Crime in the United States and Viking Penguin in the United Kingdom. It is the second installment in the Gabriel Dax trilogy, following Gabriel's Moon (2024). The novel continues the story of Dax, a travel writer who becomes entangled in Cold War espionage. It is the fifth Boyd novel to heavily feature  espionage, following;  Restless  (2006), Waiting for Sunrise (2012),  Solo (2013) his James Bond continuation novel and Gabriel's Moon.