Title: Progress Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progress_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Progress Party (Bokmål: Fremskrittspartiet; Nynorsk: Framstegspartiet, FrP; Northern Sami: Ovddádusbellodat) is a political party in Norway. It is generally positioned to the right of the Conservative Party, and is considered the most right-wing party to be represented in parliament. It is often described as hard right or right-wing populist, which has been disputed in public discourse, and has been described by various academics and some journalists as far-right. By 2020, the party attained a growing national conservative faction. Since the 2025 parliamentary election, it has been Norway's second largest political party, winning 47 seats in the Storting. It was a partner in the government coalition led by the Conservative Party from 2013 to 2020.
The Progress Party focuses on law and order, downsizing the bureaucracy and the public sector; the FrP identifies as an economic liberal party which competes with the left to represent the workers of Norway. The Progress Party calls for a strict immigration policy, integration of immigrants and for the removal of illegal immigrants or foreigners who commit crimes. During its time in coalition government from 2013, the party oversaw the creation of a Minister for Integration and increased the process of deporting failed asylum seekers or migrants with criminal convictions. It has been described as anti-immigration; nevertheless, the FrP also supports free migration to and from the European Union through the European Economic Area as well as helping refugees through the United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees. After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Progress Party has been amenable to receiving Ukrainian refugees.
The Progress Party was founded by Anders Lange in 1973 as an anti-tax protest movement. Its development was greatly influenced by Carl I. Hagen, the party's long-standing leader between 1978 and 2006. Siv Jensen served as the party leader between 2006 and 2021. She was succeeded by her deputy leader, Sylvi Listhaug on 8 May 2021.

Title: André N. Skjelstad
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Andr%C3%A9_N._Skjelstad
Excerpt: André Nikolai Skjelstad (born 27 August 1965) is a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
He was elected to the Norwegian Parliament from Nord-Trøndelag in 2005. Prior to this he worked as a farmer, and served as Deputy Mayor of Verran Municipality and as a regional council member for Nord-Trøndelag County Municipality. Skjelstad has argued for diversification and investment in the region, to prevent stagnation and reliance upon the oil industry.

Title: Guri Melby
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guri_Melby
Excerpt: Guri Melby (born 3 February 1981) is a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party. She has served as the party leader since 2020 and Minister of Education from 2020 to 2021. She is also a member of parliament for Oslo since 2021, having previously been a deputy member for the same constituency between 2013 and 2021. Locally, she has also served as Oslo's City Commissioner for Transport and the Environment between 2013 and 2015.

Title: Sveinung Rotevatn
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sveinung_Rotevatn
Excerpt: Sveinung Rotevatn (born 15 May 1987) is a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party. Rotevatn comes from Nordfjordeid, Sogn og Fjordane, and has a master's degree in law from the University of Bergen. He served as Minister of Climate and the Environment from 2020 to 2021. Prior to that, he served as a state secretary at the same department from 2018 to 2020 under then minister Ola Elvestuen.

Title: 2025 Norwegian parliamentary election
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2025_Norwegian_parliamentary_election
Excerpt: Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 8 September 2025 to elect all 169 members of the Storting, the Norwegian parliament, for the 2025–2029 parliamentary term. Advance voting took place from 11 August to 5 September.
The election resulted in incumbent Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre's Labour Party winning the most seats. The opposition Conservative Party, led by former Prime Minister Erna Solberg, fell to third place for the first time since 2009. The right-wing populist Progress Party gained seats in the Storting and ended up with 47 seats, the highest seat count in the party's history; this made it the largest opposition party for the term. It also marked the highest voter turn-out since 1989.
The red-green bloc won a majority with 88 seats, allowing Støre to continue as Prime Minister in his minority government. The victory came after years of poor opinion polling, after which the Labour Party made a political comeback. Issues in the election included taxes, immigration, foreign relations, healthcare, and rising inequality.