Title: The Very Best of Cher
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Very_Best_of_Cher
Excerpt: The Very Best of Cher is the eighth compilation album by American singer-actress Cher, released on April 1, 2003. The album includes many of Cher's most popular songs, such as "If I Could Turn Back Time", "Believe", "Gypsies, Tramps and Thieves" and "Take Me Home". The original North American edition contains 21 tracks, while international reissues featured expanded track lists and alternate song selections. 
Released during Cher's Living Proof: The Farewell Tour, the compilation received favorable reviews from music critics, who praised its broad overview of the singer's career and its collection of hits spanning multiple decades. Commercially, the album became one of Cher's most successful compilations, reaching number four on the Billboard 200 and remaining on the chart for fifty-one weeks. By 2011, it had sold 2.8 million copies in the United States.

Title: Believe (Cher song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Believe_(Cher_song)
Excerpt: "Believe" is a song by the American singer Cher from her 22nd studio album, Believe (1998). It was released as the lead single on October 19, 1998, by Warner Bros. Records. After circulating for months, a demo written by Brian Higgins, Matthew Gray, Stuart McLennen and Timothy Powell was submitted to Warner's chairman, Rob Dickins, while he was scouting for songs to include on Cher's new album. Aside from the chorus, Dickins was not impressed by the track so he enlisted two more writers, Steve Torch and Paul Barry, to complete it. Cher contributed some lyrics but did not receive any songwriting credit. Recording took place at Dreamhouse Studio in West London, while production was handled by Mark Taylor and Brian Rawling.
"Believe" is an upbeat dance-pop and electropop song and departed from Cher's previous music. It featured a pioneering use of the audio processing software Auto-Tune to distort her vocals, which was widely imitated and became known as the "Cher effect". The lyrics describe empowerment and self-sufficiency after a painful breakup. "Believe" received positive reviews; critics praised its production and catchiness, with some deeming it a highlight from the album. The song has been listed as one of Cher's most important releases. At the 42nd Annual Grammy Awards, it was nominated for Record of the Year and won Best Dance Recording, the first and only Grammy Award that Cher has won.
"Believe" topped the record charts in over 23 countries and has sold more than 11 million copies worldwide. It is Cher's most successful single, and one of the best-selling singles in music history. "Believe" was the biggest-selling song of 1998 in the United Kingdom, and remains the highest-selling single by a solo female artist there. In the United States, it was Cher's fifth number-one single on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, and it topped the Year-End Hot 100 singles of 1999. The accompanying music video (directed by Nigel Dick) was nominated for Best Dance Video at the 1999 MTV Video Music Awards.
Cher has performed the song on many occasions, including the 1999 Brit Awards, the Sanremo Music Festival, as well as on several talk shows and variety programs (in America and abroad). It has since become a fan favorite, and a staple in the setlist of her concert tours. "Believe" has been covered by numerous artists, and it's also been sung or referenced in several feature films and scripted TV shows. Scholars and academics noted the way in which Cher was able to re-invent herself, and yet stay true to her image, while still being able to release music that was fresh and contemporary amidst the more "teen pop"-based music of the period. They also credited the song for restoring Cher's social popularity and further cementing her position as a pop icon. "Believe" earned Cher a place in the Guinness Book of World Records, and Rolling Stone listed it among the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time".

Title: The Greatest Hits (Cher album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Greatest_Hits_(Cher_album)
Excerpt: The Greatest Hits is the second European compilation album by American singer-actress Cher, released on November 30, 1999, by Warner Music U.K.'s WEA label. The album was very successful worldwide, topping the charts in Austria, Germany, and Denmark. It peaked at #7 on the official UK Albums Chart, and reached the top 10 in several countries across Europe and the rest of the world. This compilation was not available in the United States, due to the release of the US-only compilation, If I Could Turn Back Time: Cher's Greatest Hits which was released that same year. The album sold 3 million copies as of January 2000.

Title: Forever (Cher album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Forever_(Cher_album)
Excerpt: Forever is the eleventh greatest hits album by Cher, released September 20, 2024, through Warner Records. The compilation was released in two versions: the first, Forever, featured 21 of the singer's best-known tracks; the second version, Forever Fan, contained a total of 40 tracks.

Title: List of songs recorded by Cher
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_songs_recorded_by_Cher
Excerpt: American entertainer Cher has recorded songs for 27 studio albums and four soundtrack albums, and has been featured on songs on compilation albums or other artists' respective albums. She has also written or co-written several of her songs.
Widely recognized as the "Goddess of Pop", Cher has sold over 100 million records worldwide (as a solo artist) and a further 40 million as part of Sonny & Cher, making her one of the best-selling female recording artists in history. Billboard ranked her as the 109th Greatest Artist of all time and the 49th Greatest Hot 100 Artist of all time. According to RIAA, she has sold 12.5 million albums (including three multi-platinum, four platinum and nine gold records) in the United States. Her signature hit "Believe" has sold more than 11 million copies worldwide, and it is the UK's best-selling single by a female artist in history, and one of the best-selling physical singles of all time.
Different recordings of the same songs have been listed separately.