Title: Punch-Drunk Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Punch-Drunk_Love
Excerpt: Punch-Drunk Love is a 2002 American absurdist romantic comedy drama film, produced, written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. Adam Sandler stars as an entrepreneur with social anxiety who falls in love with his sister's co-worker, played by Emily Watson. The supporting cast includes Philip Seymour Hoffman and Luis Guzmán.
After working on his third film Magnolia, Anderson planned to make his next film around 90 minutes, with Sandler in mind as the lead due to Anderson's love for him and his films. It features the video art of Jeremy Blake in the form of visual interludes.
Punch-Drunk Love was produced by Columbia Pictures, Revolution Studios, New Line Cinema and Ghoulardi Film Company, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It premiered at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival on May 19, 2002 before being released theatrically in the United States on November 1, 2002.
Despite its box-office disappointment, grossing $24.7 million against its $25 million production budget, Punch-Drunk Love received positive reviews from critics, with Sandler's performance receiving widespread acclaim, making a launchpad for Sandler to pursue dramatic or unconventional film roles outside of his usual mainstream comedies. A favorite of several prominent filmmakers and actors, it has been included in lists of the greatest movies of the 21st century.

Title: Love Drunk
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love_Drunk
Excerpt: Love Drunk is the second studio album by the American pop rock band Boys Like Girls, released on September 8, 2009, by Columbia Records. The album was recorded in New York City and Vancouver because there are "two different producers/production teams, two different environments, and two different styles of inspiration" stated by the band's frontman Martin Johnson. The album peaked at #8 on the Billboard 200, making it the biggest hit for the band. Its lead single, the title track was released on July 7, 2009, shortly followed by "She's Got a Boyfriend Now", "Two Is Better Than One" featuring Taylor Swift, and "Heart Heart Heartbreak". This is the last album to feature bassist Bryan Donahue before his departure in 2011.

Title: Love Drunk (Boys Like Girls song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love_Drunk_(Boys_Like_Girls_song)
Excerpt: "Love Drunk" is the lead single from American pop rock band Boys Like Girls' second studio album of the same name (2009). It is their second highest charting single to date, peaking at number 22 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was first released in the US on June 30, 2009, through Sony Music.

Title: Drunk on Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drunk_on_Love
Excerpt: "Drunk on Love" is a song by Polish-born singer Basia, released in 1994 by Epic Records as the third single from her third album, The Sweetest Illusion (1994). The song was co-written and produced by Basia and Danny White. It became a No. 1 hit on the US Billboard Dance Club Songs chart, while peaking at numbers 41 and 12 on the UK Singles Chart and the UK Dance Singles Chart. The accompanying music video was directed by Nick Morris and filmed in London. "Drunk on Love" remains one of Basia's biggest hits.

Title: Drunk in Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drunk_in_Love
Excerpt: "Drunk in Love" is a song by American singer Beyoncé featuring American rapper Jay-Z. The duo wrote the song with the help of its producers Detail, Andre Eric Proctor, Rasool Diaz, Brian Soko, Timbaland, J-Roc and Boots. The song was released as a single from Beyoncé's fifth studio album, Beyoncé, on December 16, 2013. The song features prominent influences of trap music. Its lyrics, which depict female sexuality, are performed in a confident, salacious manner.
Many music critics called the song a follow up to Beyoncé's and Jay-Z's song "Crazy in Love" (2003). "Drunk in Love" peaked at number two on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, spending eight weeks in the top ten. It peaked atop the music chart of South Africa and reached the top ten in France, Ireland, Lebanon, New Zealand, Portugal and the United Kingdom. At the 57th Annual Grammy Awards, "Drunk in Love" won Best R&B Song and Best R&B Performance.
The song's music video was directed by Hype Williams and shot in black-and-white in Golden Beach, Florida at a beach front manse. The visual features scenes of the pair singing the song together. "Drunk in Love" was performed by Beyoncé and Jay-Z at the 56th Grammy Awards. It was later added to the set lists of the second European leg of Beyoncé's The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour in 2013 and the pair's joint On the Run Tour in 2014. Numerous remixes and cover versions of the song were made, including an official remix with American rapper and collaborator of both artists, Kanye West. The music video won the Best Collaboration and was nominated for the Video of the Year at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards.