Title: Jaleel White
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jaleel_White
Excerpt: Jaleel Ahmad White (born November 27, 1976) is an American actor. He first portrayed Robert Richmond on the short-lived sitcom Charlie & Co. (1985-1986) before rising into prominence for his role as Steve Urkel, and then his cousin Myrtle Urkel, 
and also his alter-ego role as Stefan Urquelle on the sitcom Family Matters (1989–1998), where he was originally intended to make one appearance. White eventually became the main protagonist of the show. 
White was the first American actor to voice the Sega video game character Sonic the Hedgehog, doing so in the animated series Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog, Sonic the Hedgehog (also known as Sonic SatAM) and Sonic Underground. After Family Matters ended, White starred in the short-lived UPN comedy series Grown Ups (1999–2000) and even had the leading role as Michael in the 2006 comedy film Who Made the Potato Salad?; thus having a supporting role as Detective Hamer in the two films including The Wrong Woman (2013) and Mommy, I Didn't Do It (2016); and as well as James Black in the film The Preacher's Son (2017) and its 2018 sequel The Choir Director. White also reprised his role as Steve Urkel in the animated film Urkel Saves Santa: The Movie (2023). He also had guest roles in dozens of television sitcoms including a repossessor in Meego and as well as Officer Adams in Bones.

Title: Better Call Saul
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Better_Call_Saul
Excerpt: Better Call Saul is an American neo-noir legal crime drama television series created by Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould for AMC. Part of the Breaking Bad franchise, it is a spin-off of Gilligan's previous series, Breaking Bad (2008–2013), to which it serves primarily as a prequel, with some scenes taking place during and after the events of Breaking Bad. Better Call Saul premiered on AMC on February 8, 2015, and ended on August 15, 2022, after six seasons, totaling 63 episodes.
Set primarily in the early to mid-2000s in Albuquerque, New Mexico, several years before the events of Breaking Bad, Better Call Saul examines the ethical decline of Jimmy McGill (Bob Odenkirk), an aspiring lawyer and former con artist who becomes the egocentric and sleazy criminal-defense attorney Saul Goodman. The show also follows Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks), a former corrupt police officer who becomes a fixer and enforcer for drug traffickers. In addition to the primary storyline, Better Call Saul includes black-and-white flashforwards set in 2010, after the events of Breaking Bad, which explore the consequences of Saul's actions across both series. Odenkirk, Banks, and Giancarlo Esposito reprise their roles from Breaking Bad, as do many others in guest appearances, while Rhea Seehorn, Michael McKean, Patrick Fabian, Michael Mando, and Tony Dalton co-star as new characters.
Gilligan, who created and developed Breaking Bad, and Gould, who wrote the Breaking Bad episode "Better Call Saul", began considering a Saul Goodman spin-off in 2009. Because Saul's role in Breaking Bad had expanded beyond the writing staff's plans, Gilligan felt he could be explored further. He and Gould considered making a half-hour legal comedy featuring Saul and his various clients, but settled on an hour-long tragedy showing how he develops into the character seen in Breaking Bad. Better Call Saul's development began during the production of Breaking Bad's final season in 2013, with Gilligan and Gould serving as co-showrunners and numerous production staff returning. Gilligan left Better Call Saul as a writer early in the third season—making Gould the sole showrunner for the remainder of its run—though he continued to direct episodes, and returned to help write the final season.
Better Call Saul received critical acclaim, with praise for its acting, characters, writing, direction, and cinematography. Many reviewers have considered it a worthy successor to Breaking Bad—some deeming it superior to its predecessor—and one of the greatest television series of all time. It has garnered many accolades, including 2 Peabody Award nominations, 53 Primetime Emmy Award nominations (setting a record for the most-nominated show to never win an Emmy), 19 Writers Guild of America Award nominations, 20 Critics' Choice Television Award nominations, 9 Actor Award nominations, and 6 Golden Globe Award nominations. At the time of its airing, the series premiere held the record for the highest-rated scripted series premiere in basic cable history.

Title: The Leftovers (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Leftovers_(TV_series)
Excerpt: The Leftovers is an American supernatural drama television series created by Damon Lindelof and Tom Perrotta that aired on HBO from June 29, 2014, to June 4, 2017. Based on Perrotta's 2011 novel, the series begins three years after the "Sudden Departure", a global event that resulted in 2% of the world's population disappearing. The lives of police chief Kevin Garvey (Justin Theroux) and his family, along with grieving widow Nora Durst (Carrie Coon) and her brother, Reverend Matt Jamison (Christopher Eccleston), are the focal points of the series as they struggle to adjust to life after the Departure.
The pilot was written by Lindelof and Perrotta and directed by Peter Berg. The series stars an ensemble cast led by Theroux and features Amy Brenneman, Christopher Eccleston, Liv Tyler, Chris Zylka, Margaret Qualley, Carrie Coon, Ann Dowd, Regina King, Jovan Adepo, Kevin Carroll, Janel Moloney, and Scott Glenn. The series was renewed for a second season, which premiered on October 4, 2015, and concluded December 6, 2015. On December 10, 2015, at Lindelof's request to be able to conclude the series, HBO renewed it for a third and final season, which premiered on April 16, 2017, and concluded on June 4, 2017. Over the course of the series, 28 episodes aired over three seasons.
The first season received mostly positive reviews, though one negative review criticized the series for being "clunky" and unsubtle. The series underwent a critical reevaluation during its acclaimed second and third seasons, with many critics referring to The Leftovers as one of the greatest television series of all time, with particular praise for its writing, directing, acting (particularly Theroux's and Coon's) and thematic depth. The musical score composed by Max Richter also attracted critical praise. Despite receiving average Nielsen ratings throughout its run, the series has developed a cult following. The series has been compared favorably to Lost, a previous series co-created by Lindelof.

Title: Jasmin Savoy Brown
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jasmin_Savoy_Brown
Excerpt: Jasmin Savoy Brown (born March 21, 1994) is an American actress. She is known for starring in the thriller drama series Yellowjackets (2021–present) and the slasher franchise Scream (2022–present).
Brown appears in the supernatural series The Leftovers (2015–2017) and the legal drama series For the People (2018–2019), the slasher film Sound of Violence (2021), and the thriller film Missing (2023). She also plays Phin Mason / Tinkerer in the video game Spider-Man: Miles Morales (2020).

Title: The Bear season 1
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bear_season_1
Excerpt: The first season of the American comedy-drama television series The Bear premiered with all episodes on June 23, 2022, on FX on Hulu. Christopher Storer and Joanna Calo serve as showrunners for the season. Jeremy Allen White stars as Carmy Berzatto, an award-winning chef who returns to his hometown of Chicago to manage the chaotic kitchen at his deceased brother's sandwich shop. The supporting cast includes Ebon Moss-Bachrach, Ayo Edebiri, Lionel Boyce, Liza Colón-Zayas, and Abby Elliott. 
In March 2021, FX ordered a pilot for The Bear to be written and directed by Storer, and the series was given a full season order in October 2021. Filming for the season began in February 2022 in Chicago, and wrapped in March of that year. The season consists of eight episodes. 
The season received critical acclaim. It received ten Primetime Emmy Awards, including Outstanding Comedy Series and acting wins for White, Moss-Bachrach, and Edebiri, making it the season of television with the most wins in a single year for a comedy series until the record was beaten by the series' second season. The season was the most-watched comedy series in FX's history.