Title: 2004 Summer Olympics medal table
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_Summer_Olympics_medal_table
Excerpt: The 2004 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXVIII Olympiad, were a summer multi-sport event held in Athens, the capital city of Greece, from 13 to 29 August 2004. A total of 10,625 athletes from a record 201 countries represented by National Olympic Committees (NOC) participated in these games. The games featured 301 events in 28 sports and 39 disciplines, including the Olympic debuts of women's wrestling and women's sabre. Kiribati and Timor Leste competed for the first time in these Olympic Games. It was the second time after 1896 that Athens had hosted the Summer Olympics in the modern era.
Athletes from 74 countries won at least one medal and 56 of them won at least one gold medal. The United States led the medal table both in number of gold medals won and in overall medals, winning 36 and 101 respectively. It was the third consecutive Summer Olympic Games that the United States led the medal count in both gold and overall medals.  The United Arab Emirates, Paraguay and Eritrea won their first ever Olympic medals. Israel, Chile, Dominican Republic, Georgia, Chinese Taipei and the United Arab Emirates won their first Olympic gold medals. American swimmer Michael Phelps won the most gold medals among individual participants with six and the most total medals with eight (six gold and two bronze), equalling the record held by Soviet gymnast Alexander Dityatin in 1980 for the most medals won at an Olympic Games.
During and after the Games, some athletes who were caught doping, or tested positive for banned substances, were disqualified from competition and had their medals rescinded.

Title: 2000 Summer Olympics medal table
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2000_Summer_Olympics_medal_table
Excerpt: The 2000 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXVII Olympiad, were a summer multi-sport event held in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, from 15 September to 1 October 2000. A total of 10,651 athletes from 199 nations represented by National Olympic Committees (NOCs) (with four individual athletes from East Timor because the country had no NOC), including the Olympic debuts of Eritrea, Micronesia and Palau. The games featured 300 events in 28 sports across 39 disciplines, including the debuts of synchronized diving, taekwondo,  triathlon, trampolining, women's modern pentathlon and women's weightlifting as official Olympic medal events.
Athletes from 80 countries won at least one medal, a new record, with 52 nations winning at least one gold medal. The United States won the most gold medals, with 37, and the most medals overall, with 93. It was the second consecutive Summer Olympic Games that the United States led the medal count in both gold and overall medals. Host nation Australia finished the Games with 58 medals overall (16 gold, 25 silver, and 17 bronze). Cameroon, Colombia, Latvia, Mozambique and Slovenia won a gold medal for the first time in their Olympic histories, while Vietnam, Barbados, Macedonia, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, and Saudi Arabia won their first ever Olympic medals. Among individual athletes, Australia's Ian Thorpe, the Netherlands' Leontien van Moorsel and Inge de Bruijn and the United States' Jenny Thompson and Lenny Krayzelburg won the most gold medals at the games with three each and Russian gymnast Alexei Nemov won the most overall medals with six (two gold, one silver and three bronze).

Title: Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swimming_at_the_2008_Summer_Olympics
Excerpt: The swimming competitions at the 2008 Summer Olympics took place from 9 to 17 August 2008 at the Beijing National Aquatics Centre. The newly introduced open water marathon events (10 km) were held on 20 and 21 August 2008 at Shunyi Olympic Rowing-Canoeing Park.
Swimming featured 34 events (17 male, 17 female), including two 10 km open-water marathons. The remaining 32 were contested in a 50 m long course pool within the Olympic Park.
The United States claimed a total of 31 medals (12 golds, 9 silver, and 10 bronze) in the leaderboard to maintain its standings as the most successful nation in swimming. A stellar performance in the pool also made an Olympic history for Michael Phelps, who captured eight gold medals to break Mark Spitz's 1972 record, a total of seven, at a single Games. Despite the male swimmers failing to attain a single gold in swimming, Australia managed to repeat a second-place effort on its third consecutive Olympics with 20 medals (six golds, six silver, and eight bronze). Meanwhile, Great Britain finished third with a total of six medals by the benefit of a sterling long-distance freestyle double from Rebecca Adlington.
A total of 25 world records and 65 Olympic records were set during the competition.

Title: 2008 Summer Olympics medal table
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_Summer_Olympics_medal_table
Excerpt: The 2008 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXIX Olympiad, were a summer multi-sport event held in Beijing, the capital of the People's Republic of China, from 8 to 24 August 2008. Approximately 10,942 athletes from 204 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) participated in 302 events in 28 sports across 41 disciplines. Cycling BMX racing and 10 km (6.2 mi) marathon swimming were included as official medal events for the first time in history. The Marshall Islands, Montenegro and Tuvalu made their Summer Olympic debuts in Beijing.
Overall, athletes from a record 87 countries won at least one medal, and 55 of them won at least one gold medal. Afghanistan, Mauritius, Sudan, Tajikistan and Togo won their first Olympic medals of any kind. Athletes from Mongolia (which previously held the record for most medals without a gold) and Panama won their first Olympic gold medals. Serbian swimmer Milorad Čavić won the first medal for the country as an independent state. Samoa won its first Olympic medal due to a reallocation of medals after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) retested doping samples in 2016.
Athletes from the host nation China won the most gold medals, with 48, while athletes from the United States won the most medals overall, with 112. Among individual participants, American swimmer Michael Phelps won the most gold medals and the most total medals with eight each, breaking Mark Spitz's 1972 record for the most gold medals won at an Olympic Games.
During and after the games, many athletes who were caught doping, or tested positive for banned substances, were disqualified from competition and had their medals revoked.

Title: 2024 Summer Olympics medal table
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2024_Summer_Olympics_medal_table
Excerpt: The 2024 Summer Olympics, officially known as the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad, were an international multi-sport event held in Paris, France, from 26 July to 11 August 2024, with preliminary events in some sports beginning on 24 July. Athletes representing 206 National Olympic Committees (NOCs) participated in the games. The games featured 329 medal events across 32 sports and 48 disciplines. Breaking (breakdancing) made its Olympic debut as an optional sport, while skateboarding, sport climbing, and surfing returned to the programme, having debuted at the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Overall, individuals representing 92 NOCs received at least one medal, with 64 of them winning at least one gold medal. Botswana, Dominica, Guatemala, and Saint Lucia won their nations' first Olympic gold medals. Albania, Cape Verde, Dominica, and Saint Lucia won their nations' first Olympic medals. The Refugee Olympic Team also won their first medal.
The United States led the final medal table for the fourth consecutive Summer Games, with 40 gold and 126 total medals, while China finished second with 40 gold and 91 medals in total. The occasion marked the first time a gold medal tie among the two most successful nations has occurred in Summer Olympics history. Among individual participants, Chinese swimmer Zhang Yufei won the most medals at the games with six (one silver, five bronze), while French swimmer Léon Marchand had the most gold medals with four.