Title: Apiaceae
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apiaceae
Excerpt: Apiaceae ( ), also called Umbelliferae, is a family of mostly aromatic flowering plants named after the type genus Apium, and commonly known as the celery, carrot, or parsley family, or as umbellifers. It is the 16th-largest family of flowering plants, with more than 3,800 species in about 446 genera, including such well-known, and economically important plants as ajwain, angelica, anise, asafoetida, caraway, carrot, celery, chervil, coriander, cumin, dill, fennel, lovage, cow parsley, parsley, parsnip and sea holly, as well as silphium, a plant whose exact identity is unclear and which may be extinct.
The family Apiaceae also includes a significant number of phototoxic species, such as giant hogweed and parsnip, alongside a smaller number of deadly toxic paralytic species, such as poison hemlock, water hemlock, spotted cowbane, fool's parsley, and various species of water dropwort.

Title: Oenanthe (plant)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oenanthe_(plant)
Excerpt: Oenanthe, known as water dropworts, oenanthes, water parsleys, and water celeries, are a genus of plants in the family Apiaceae. Most of the species grow in damp ground, such as in marshes or in water.
Several of the species are extremely poisonous, the active poison being oenanthotoxin. The most notable of these is O. crocata, which lives in damp, marshy ground, and resembles celery with roots like a bunch of large white carrots. The leaves may be eaten safely by livestock, but the stems, and especially the carbohydrate-rich roots are much more poisonous. Animals familiar with eating the leaves may eat the roots when these are exposed during ditch clearance: one root is sufficient to kill a cow, and human fatalities are also known. It has been referred to as the most poisonous of all British plants, and is considered particularly dangerous because of its similarity to several edible plants.
The species O. javanica, commonly known as Chinese celery or Japanese parsley (seri; not to be confused with mitsuba or Japanese wild celery, Cryptotaenia japonica) is edible and grown in several countries of eastern Asia, as well as in Italy and India, where the spring growth is relished as a vegetable.

Title: List of dicotyledons of Great Britain and Ireland
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_dicotyledons_of_Great_Britain_and_Ireland
Excerpt: This page covers a group of dicotyledon families (Lauraceae to Salicaceae). For the background to this list see parent article List of the vascular plants of Britain and Ireland.
Status key: * indicates an introduced species and e indicates an extinct species.
This division of the eudicots is shown in the following cladogram:

Title: Dropwort
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dropwort
Excerpt: Dropwort is a common name for several plants and may refer to:

Filipendula vulgaris, an herb in the family Rosaceae, that grows in dry meadows in Europe and Asia.
Oenanthe, a genus of plants in the family Apiaceae, growing in moist habitats, commonly referred to as water dropworts
Oenanthe crocata, hemlock water dropwort, a poisonous plant native to Europe
Oenanthe javanica, an edible plant native to Asia
Oxypolis, a genus of plants in the family Apiaceae, native to North America
Tiedemannia, a genus of plants in the family Apiaceae

Title: Oenanthe crocata
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oenanthe_crocata
Excerpt: Oenanthe crocata, hemlock water-dropwort (sometimes known as dead man's fingers) is a flowering plant in the carrot family, native to Europe, North Africa and western Asia. It grows in damp grassland and wet woodland, often along river and stream banks. All parts of the plant are extremely toxic and it has been known to cause human and livestock poisoning.