Title: Politics of Mexico
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Politics_of_Mexico
Excerpt: The politics of Mexico function within the framework of the federal presidential representative democratic republic whose government is based on a multi-party congressional system, where the President of Mexico is both head of state and head of government. The federal government represents the United Mexican States. It is divided into three branches: executive, legislative, and judicial, established by the Political Constitution of the United Mexican States, published in 1917. The constituent states of the federation must also have a republican government based on a congressional system established by their respective constitutions.
Executive power is exercised by the executive branch, headed by the President, who is advised by a cabinet of secretaries independent of the legislature. Legislative power is vested in the Congress of the Union, a two-chamber legislature comprising the Senate of the Republic and the Chamber of Deputies. Judicial power is exercised by the judiciary, consisting of the Supreme Court of Justice of the Nation, the Council of the Federal Judiciary, and the collegiate, unitary, and district tribunals.

Title: List of heads of state of Mexico
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_heads_of_state_of_Mexico
Excerpt: The Head of State of Mexico is the person who controls the executive power in the country. Under the current constitution, this responsibility lies with the President of the United Mexican States, who is head of the supreme executive power of the Mexican Union. Throughout its history, Mexico has had several forms of government. Under the federal constitutions, the title of President was the same as the current one. Under the Seven Laws (centralist), the chief executive was named President of the Republic. In addition, there have been two periods of monarchical rule, during which the executive was controlled by the Emperor of Mexico.
The chronology of the heads of state of Mexico is complicated due to the country's political instability during most of the nineteenth century and early decades of the twentieth century. With few exceptions, most of the Mexican presidents elected during this period did not complete their terms. Until the presidency of Lázaro Cárdenas, each president remained in office an average of fifteen months.
This list also includes the self-appointed presidents during civil wars and the collegiate bodies that performed the executive duties during periods of transition.

Title: President of Mexico
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/President_of_Mexico
Excerpt: The president of Mexico (Spanish: presidente de México), officially the president of the United Mexican States (Spanish: presidente de los Estados Unidos Mexicanos), is the head of state and head of government of Mexico. Under the Constitution of Mexico, the president heads the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander in chief of the Mexican Armed Forces.
The office, which was first established by the federal Constitution of 1824, is currently held by Claudia Sheinbaum, who was sworn in on October 1, 2024. The office of the president is considered to be revolutionary, in the sense that the powers of office are derived from the Revolutionary Constitution of 1917. Another legacy of the Mexican Revolution is the Constitution's ban on re-election. Mexican presidents are limited to a single six-year term, called a sexenio. No one who has held the post, even on a caretaker basis, is allowed to run or serve again. The constitution and the office of the president closely follow the presidential system of government.

Title: 2012 Mexican general election
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_Mexican_general_election
Excerpt: General elections were held in Mexico on Sunday, 1 July 2012. Voters went to the polls to elect a new President of the Republic to serve a six-year term, replacing Felipe Calderón, 500 members of the Chamber of Deputies and 128 members of the Mexican Senate.
Several local ballots were held on the same day, including the election of a new Head of Government and new Legislative Assembly of the Federal District, gubernatorial elections in six states (Chiapas, Guanajuato, Jalisco, Morelos, Tabasco and Yucatán) and municipal and local congressional elections several states.

Title: Claudia Sheinbaum
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claudia_Sheinbaum
Excerpt: Claudia Sheinbaum Pardo (born 24 June 1962) is a Mexican politician, energy and climate change scientist, and academic who has been serving as the 66th president of Mexico since 2024. She is the first woman and the first person with Jewish heritage to hold the office. A member of the National Regeneration Movement (Morena), she previously served as Head of Government of Mexico City from 2018 to 2023. In 2025, Forbes ranked Sheinbaum as the fifth most powerful woman in the world.
A scientist by profession, Sheinbaum received her doctorate in energy engineering from the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM). She has co-authored over 100 articles and two books on energy, the environment, and sustainable development. She contributed to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and, in 2018, was named one of BBC's 100 Women. She was subsequently awarded the Sustainability Medal by the Nobel Sustainability Trust in 2024.
Sheinbaum joined the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD) in 1989. From 2000 to 2006, she served as secretary of the environment in the Federal District under Andrés Manuel López Obrador. She left the PRD in 2014 to join López Obrador's splinter movement, Morena, and was elected mayor of Tlalpan borough in 2015. In 2018, she became Head of Government of Mexico City, focusing on security, public transport, and social programs, while also overseeing major crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic and the Mexico City Metro overpass collapse. She resigned in 2023 to run for president and won Morena's nomination over Marcelo Ebrard. In the 2024 presidential election, she defeated Xóchitl Gálvez in a landslide.
As president, Sheinbaum enacted a series of constitutional reforms with the support of her legislative supermajority, including enshrining social programs into the Constitution, reversing key aspects of the 2013 energy reform to strengthen state control over the energy sector, mandating that the minimum wage increase be above the rate of inflation, and introducing universal healthcare.