Title: Groucho Marx
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Groucho_Marx
Excerpt: Julius Henry "Groucho" Marx (; October 2, 1890 – August 19, 1977) was an American comedian, actor, comic vocalist and game show host who performed in vaudeville, Broadway, films, radio, and television. A master of the one-line retort, he is considered one of America's greatest comedians.
Groucho was the third born of the Marx Brothers, with whom he appeared in three Broadway shows and thirteen feature films, usually portraying a fast-talking, slightly shady protagonist and frequent foil to the antics of his brothers Chico and Harpo.  He also had a successful solo career, primarily on radio and television, most notably as the host of the quiz/interview show You Bet Your Life.
His distinctive appearance, carried over from his days in vaudeville, included quirks such as an exaggerated stooped posture, spectacles, cigar, and a thick greasepaint moustache (later a real moustache) and eyebrows.

Title: Peter Bogdanovich
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Bogdanovich
Excerpt: Peter Bogdanovich (July 30, 1939 – January 6, 2022) was an American director, writer, actor, producer, critic, and film historian. He started out his career as a young actor studying under Stella Adler before working as a film critic for Film Culture and Esquire and finally becoming a prominent filmmaker of the New Hollywood movement. He received accolades including a BAFTA Award and Grammy Award, as well as nominations for two Academy Awards and two Golden Globe Awards.
Bogdanovich worked as a film journalist until he was hired to work on Roger Corman's The Wild Angels (1966). His credited feature film debut came with Targets (1968), before his career breakthrough with the drama The Last Picture Show (1971) which earned him Academy Award nominations for Best Director and Best Adapted Screenplay, and the acclaimed films What's Up, Doc? (1972) and Paper Moon (1973). Other films include Saint Jack (1979), They All Laughed (1981), Mask (1985), Noises Off (1992), The Cat's Meow (2001), and She's Funny That Way (2014).
As an actor, Bogdanovich was known for his roles in the HBO series The Sopranos and Orson Welles' last film, The Other Side of the Wind (2018), which he also helped finish.
Bogdanovich directed documentaries such as Directed by John Ford (1971) and The Great Buster: A Celebration (2018). He received a Grammy Award for Best Music Film for directing Runnin' Down a Dream (2007), a documentary about Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers. He also published numerous books, some of which include in-depth interviews with friends Howard Hawks, Alfred Hitchcock, and Orson Welles. Bogdanovich's works have been cited as important influences by many major filmmakers.

Title: Ben Johnson (actor)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ben_Johnson_(actor)
Excerpt: Francis Benjamin Johnson Jr. (June 13, 1918 – April 8, 1996) was an American actor, stuntman, and professional rodeo cowboy.
The son of an Oklahoma rancher, Johnson arrived in Hollywood to deliver a consignment of horses for a film. He worked as a stuntman and horse wrangler, before breaking into acting with the help of John Ford. His droll manner and expert horsemanship brought authenticity to his many roles in Westerns.
An elegiac portrayal of a former cowboy theater owner in the coming-of-age drama The Last Picture Show won Johnson the 1971 Academy Award, BAFTA Award, and Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor. In addition to his film career, he won the 1953 Rodeo Cowboys Association's (RCA) Team Roping World Championship, and was inducted into the ProRodeo Hall of Fame in 1979.

Title: Bryce Dallas Howard
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bryce_Dallas_Howard
Excerpt: Bryce Dallas Howard (born March 2, 1981) is an American actress and director. The eldest child of the filmmaker Ron Howard, she studied acting at the New York University Tisch School of the Arts. While portraying Rosalind in a 2003 production of As You Like It, Howard caught the attention of the director M. Night Shyamalan, who cast her as a blind woman in the thriller film The Village (2004) and a naiad in the fantasy film Lady in the Water (2006).
Howard's performance in Kenneth Branagh's romance film As You Like It (2006) earned her a Golden Globe Award nomination and she subsequently appeared as Gwen Stacy in Sam Raimi's superhero film Spider-Man 3 (2007). She went on to appear as Kate Connor in the action film Terminator Salvation (2009) and as Victoria in the fantasy film The Twilight Saga: Eclipse (2010). She also appeared in the drama film The Help (2011), the comedy-drama film 50/50 (2011), the fantasy film Pete's Dragon (2016), and the musical film Rocketman (2019). Howard gained further recognition with her role as Claire Dearing in the top-grossing Jurassic World trilogy (2015–2022).
Additionally, Howard directed the documentary film Dads (2019), and episodes of the Disney+ space western series The Mandalorian (2019–2023) and The Book of Boba Fett (2022).

Title: Curly Howard
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Curly_Howard
Excerpt: Jerome Howard (born Jerome Lester Horwitz; October 22, 1903 – January 18, 1952), better known by his stage name Curly Howard, was an American comedian and actor. He was a member of The Three Stooges comedy team, which also featured his elder brothers Moe and Shemp Howard, as well as vaudevillian Larry Fine. In early shorts, he was billed as "Curley". He was generally considered the most popular and recognizable of the Stooges.
He was known for his high-pitched voice, odd vocal expressions, and non-rhotic dialect ("nyuk-nyuk-nyuk!", "woo-woo-woo!", "soitenly!" [certainly], "I'm a victim of soikemstance" [circumstance], and barking like a dog), as well as his physical comedy (e.g., falling on the ground and pivoting on his shoulder as he "walked" in circular motion), improvisations, and athleticism. An untrained actor, Curly borrowed (and significantly exaggerated) the "woo woo" from "nervous" comedian Hugh Herbert. Curly's unique version of "woo, woo, woo" was firmly established by the time of the Stooges' second Columbia film, Punch Drunks (1934).
Howard left the Three Stooges in May 1946 when a stroke ended his show business career. He suffered serious health problems and several more strokes until his death in 1952 at age 48.