Title: Dude Ranch (album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dude_Ranch_(album)
Excerpt: Dude Ranch is the second studio album by the American rock band Blink-182, released on June 17, 1997. The trio formed in 1992 amid the San Diego skate-punk circuit, and built a growing grassroots following through heavy touring. The growing commercial appeal of punk rock brought the band to the attention of major labels, and the resulting arrangement saw Dude Ranch issued on indie Cargo Music with MCA Records handling distribution. It is the band's final album recorded with all three original members, as drummer Scott Raynor was dismissed from the band in 1998.
Dude Ranch expands the band's fast-paced punk framework with tighter arrangements and melodic harmonies. The band picked producer Mark Trombino based on his work in the emerging emo scene. Written largely on the road, the material mixes the group’s familiar oddball humor with themes related to maturity, relationships, and time. Trombino pushed the band toward tighter, more disciplined performances amid an otherwise playful atmosphere, even as all three members faced personal challenges. The album's visual identity leans into deliberately absurd cowboy imagery.
Upon release, Dude Ranch received generally positive reviews. It steadily expanded Blink-182's reach via touring and radio play, propelled in part by the modern rock breakthrough of "Dammit". The band supported the album on a series of international tours, including a four-month stint on the Warped Tour. Dude Ranch later achieved platinum certification in the United States. Its lasting appeal within punk circles is underscored by the existence of several complete cover versions of the album.

Title: Dude
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dude
Excerpt: Dude is American slang for an individual, typically male. From the 1870s to the 1960s, dude primarily meant a male person who dressed in an extremely fashionable manner (a dandy) or a conspicuous citified person who was visiting a rural location, a "city slicker". In the 1960s, dude evolved to mean any male person, a meaning that slipped into mainstream American slang in the 1970s. Current slang retains at least some use of all three of these common meanings.

Title: Dude Cowboy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dude_Cowboy
Excerpt: Dude Cowboy is a 1941 American western film. David Howard directed the film (his final one) and Morton Grant wrote the screenplay. The film stars Tim Holt as Terry McVey, Eddie Kane as Gordon West, Marjorie Reynolds as Barbara Adams (alias Bernice Allen), Byron Foulger as Frank Adams, Louise Currie as Gail Sargent, Eddie Dew as French, Helen Holmes as Aunt Althea Carter, Lloyd Ingraham as Pop Stebbins, Eddie Kane as Gordon West, and Tom London as the Silver City Sheriff.
Filming began 25 April 1941.

Title: The Dude Cowboy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Dude_Cowboy
Excerpt: The Dude Cowboy is a 1926 American silent Western film directed by Jack Nelson and written by Paul M. Bryan. The film stars Bob Custer, Flora Bramley, Billy Bletcher, Howard Truesdale, Bruce Gordon and Amber Norman. The film was released on October 31, 1926, by Film Booking Offices of America.

Title: Cowboy Carter
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cowboy_Carter
Excerpt: Cowboy Carter (also referred to as Act II: Cowboy Carter) is the eighth studio album by American singer and songwriter Beyoncé. It was released on March 29, 2024, by Parkwood Entertainment and Columbia Records. A concept album, Cowboy Carter is the second of a planned trilogy of albums, following Renaissance (2022). Beyoncé conceived the album as a journey through a reinvention of Americana, spotlighting the overlooked contributions of Black pioneers to American musical and cultural history.
A genre-blending album rooted in country music, Cowboy Carter is influenced by Beyoncé's upbringing in Texas, incorporating eclectic styles of music of the Southern United States. Conceptually, the album is presented as a radio broadcast, with country singers Dolly Parton, Linda Martell, and Willie Nelson acting as disc jockeys. The album's songs feature rising Black country artists such as Shaboozey, Tanner Adell, Brittney Spencer, Tiera Kennedy, Reyna Roberts, and Willie Jones. The music is driven by a range of acoustic instruments played by musicians including Stevie Wonder, Paul McCartney, and Nile Rodgers, among others.
Cowboy Carter was met with universal acclaim and appeared on multiple year-end lists; critics stated that the album's genre experimentation, expansive scope and eclectic references aided an ambitious reimagining of Americana and country through the lens of their Black roots. At the 67th Grammy Awards, Beyoncé became the first Black woman in 25 years to win Album of the Year and the first Black artist to win Best Country Album; the album's third single, "II Most Wanted", won Best Country Duo/Group Performance. The album increased the listenership of country music, drove cultural conversations on Black musicians' place within the genre, boosted the careers of rising country artists, and increased the popularity of Western wear and culture.
Cowboy Carter debuted at number one in several countries and broke multiple chart and streaming records. In the United States, it topped the Billboard 200 and was Beyoncé's first to top the Top Country Albums chart, selling 407,000 album-equivalent units. The album was supported by three singles, "Texas Hold 'Em", "16 Carriages", and "II Most Wanted", with the first becoming Beyoncé's ninth US number-one single and the first country song by a Black woman to top the Billboard Hot 100 and Hot Country Songs charts. To support the album, Beyoncé embarked on the Cowboy Carter Tour from April 28 to July 26, 2025.