Title: Television (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Television_(band)
Excerpt: Television was an American rock band from New York City that formed in 1973. Its most prominent lineup comprised vocalist and guitarist-keyboardist Tom Verlaine, guitarist Richard Lloyd, drummer Billy Ficca, and bassist Fred Smith. An early fixture of CBGB and the 1970s New York punk rock scene, the band is considered influential in the development of punk rock and alternative rock.
Although they recorded in a stripped-down, guitar-based manner similar to their punk contemporaries, Television's music was by comparison clean, improvisational, and technically proficient, drawing influence from jazz and 1960s rock. The group's 1977 debut album, Marquee Moon, was widely acclaimed and is considered one of the defining releases of the punk era. The group released Adventure to a more muted reception the following year, after which they disbanded. They reunited in 1991 to record a self-titled album, disbanding again in 1993. Another reunion followed in 2001; they occasionally performed live from then until Verlaine's death in January 2023. The band recorded new material in the 21st century, but it has not been completed or released.

Title: Neon Boys
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neon_Boys
Excerpt: The Neon Boys were a short lived New York City proto-punk band, composed of Tom Verlaine, Richard Hell and Billy Ficca. The trio later went on to form the influential rock band Television in 1973; Richard Hell also went on to form the influential punk bands the Heartbreakers and Richard Hell and the Voidoids.

Title: Music of Neon Genesis Evangelion
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Music_of_Neon_Genesis_Evangelion
Excerpt: Neon Genesis Evangelion (Japanese: 新世紀エヴァンゲリオン, Hepburn: Shinseiki Evangerion) is a 1995 anime series directed by Hideaki Anno. Shiro Sagisu composed the soundtracks for it and its sequels, remakes and spinoffs. In addition to Sagisu's compositions, the soundtracks include pieces by Masami Okui, Kotono Mitsuishi and a wide repertoire of classical music, including pieces by Ludwig van Beethoven, Johann Sebastian Bach, Giuseppe Verdi, and other composers. Under the direction of Toshimichi Ōtsuki, a representative of King Records and one of the producers of the series, "A Cruel Angel's Thesis" was composed as the series' opening theme song. The series used "Fly Me to the Moon", originally written by Bart Howard, as the closing theme song. Different versions of the song were recorded by British singer Claire Littley, Yoko Takahashi and the anime's main female voice actors, Megumi Hayashibara, Kotono Mitsuishi and Yuko Miyamura.
The anime soundtrack was collected in three main albums, released in 1995 and 1996. These were followed by several studio albums, collections and remixes. Sagisu also composed the soundtracks for the Rebuild of Evangelion tetralogy—a remake of the original series—and several derivative video games. Critics have compared several pieces to Beatles songs and soundtracks from earlier anime, such as Mobile Suit Gundam and Space Battleship Yamato. Sagisu's work has been well received by critics and audiences alike; several albums and singles from the soundtrack have been certified gold or platinum in Japan, reaching the top of the national charts. According to SciFi Japan, albums dedicated to Evangelion have sold a total of nine million copies.

Title: Sonic the Hedgehog 3 (soundtrack)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonic_the_Hedgehog_3_(soundtrack)
Excerpt: Sonic the Hedgehog 3: Music from the Motion Picture is the score album for the 2024 film of the same name. It features the original score composed by Tom Holkenborg and was released by Milan Records on December 20, 2024.

Title: Soda Pop (song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soda_Pop_(song)
Excerpt: "Soda Pop" is a song performed by Andrew Choi, Neckwav, Danny Chung, Kevin Woo, and SamUIL Lee as the fictional boy band the Saja Boys in the 2025 animated musical fantasy film KPop Demon Hunters. It was released on August 27, 2025, through Republic Records, as a promotional single for the film's soundtrack album. It was created by the writers Vince, Kush, and Chung and producers 24, Dominsuk, and Ian Eisendrath.
The song received acclaim for its "bright and bubbly" rhythm. As one of the songs from the film's soundtrack to experience commercial success, it entered the top ten in at least 18 countries. On the Billboard Global 200, it peaked at number three.