Title: Tar-Baby
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar-Baby
Excerpt: The Tar-Baby is the second of the Uncle Remus stories published in 1881; it is about a doll made of tar and turpentine used by the villainous Br'er Fox to entrap Br'er Rabbit. The more that Br'er Rabbit fights the Tar-Baby, the more entangled he becomes.
The phrase "tar baby" has acquired idiomatic meanings over the years, including a negative racial connotation.

Title: Splash Mountain
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Splash_Mountain
Excerpt: Splash Mountain is a log flume ride at Tokyo Disneyland. Other versions, which have since been rethemed, were formerly located at Disneyland and Magic Kingdom. The attraction is based on the animated sequences of Disney's 1946 film Song of the South. The ride experience begins with an outdoor float-through that leads to indoor dark ride segments, with a climactic steep drop followed by an indoor finale. The drop is 52.5 feet (16.0 meters).
The original Splash Mountain opened at Disneyland in July 1989, followed by the Tokyo Disneyland and Magic Kingdom versions in October 1992. In June 2020, it was announced that the U.S. versions of the ride would be receiving a new theme based on Disney Animation's 2009 film The Princess and the Frog. The Magic Kingdom version of Splash Mountain closed on January 23, 2023, while the Disneyland version closed on May 31, 2023. The replacement, which is titled Tiana's Bayou Adventure, opened on June 28, 2024 at Magic Kingdom and on November 15, 2024 at Disneyland.

Title: Br'er Rabbit
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Br%27er_Rabbit
Excerpt: Br'er Rabbit ( BRAIR; an abbreviation of Brother Rabbit, also spelled Brer Rabbit) is a central figure in African-American folktales. The character is an oral tradition passed down by African-Americans of the Southern United States and African descendants in the Caribbean, notably Afro-Bahamians and Turks and Caicos Islanders. He is a trickster who succeeds by his wits rather than by brawn, provoking authority figures and bending social mores as he sees fit. Popular adaptations of the character, originally recorded by Joel Chandler Harris in the 19th century, include Disney's 1946 film Song of the South.

Title: Br'er Fox and Br'er Bear
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Br%27er_Fox_and_Br%27er_Bear
Excerpt: Br'er Fox and Br'er Bear (also spelled Brer Fox and Brer Bear, ) are fictional anthropomorphic cartoon characters in African-American folktales. They originate from African-American oral traditions popular in the Southern United States. These characters have been recorded by many different folklorists, but are most well-known from the folktales adapted and compiled by Joel Chandler Harris, featuring his character Uncle Remus.

Title: Uncle Remus and His Tales of Br'er Rabbit
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uncle_Remus_and_His_Tales_of_Br%27er_Rabbit
Excerpt: Uncle Remus and His Tales of Br'er Rabbit is an American Disney comic strip that ran on Sundays from October 14, 1945, to December 31, 1972. It first appeared as a topper strip for the Mickey Mouse Sunday page, but after the first few years, almost always appeared on its own. The strip replaced the 1932-1945 Silly Symphony strip, which had spent its final year on gag strips featuring Panchito from The Three Caballeros.
The Uncle Remus strip began as a "preview" of the Walt Disney Productions film Song of the South, which premiered a year later, on November 12, 1946. Disney had previously released comic strip adaptations of its animated feature films as part of the Silly Symphony Sunday strip, starting with Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937–38), and continuing with Pinocchio (1939–40) and Bambi (1942). While those strips each ran for four to five months, and only told the story of the film, the Uncle Remus strip continued for almost thirty years, telling new stories of Br'er Rabbit, his friends and his enemies, until the strip was discontinued on December 31, 1972.