Title: Jay-Z
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jay-Z
Excerpt: Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4, 1969), known professionally as Jay-Z, is an American rapper, businessman, and record executive. In 2023, Billboard and Vibe ranked him as the greatest rapper of all time. Rooted in East Coast hip-hop, Jay-Z is known for his complex lyricism that often uses double entendres, wordplay, and braggadocio—built on a rags to riches narrative. According to Forbes, he is the wealthiest music artist in history, worth an estimated US$2.8 billion as of 2026.
A protégé of fellow New York City-based rapper Jaz-O, Jay-Z began recording music in the late 1980s. He co-founded Roc-A-Fella Records in 1994 to release his first two studio albums, Reasonable Doubt (1996) and In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 (1997), both of which were critically acclaimed. His 11 subsequent albums, including The Blueprint (2001), The Black Album (2003), American Gangster (2007), and 4:44 (2017), have each debuted atop the Billboard 200. Jay-Z has a total of 14 number-one albums on the chart, the third-most in history. He topped the Billboard Hot 100 on four occasions: once as a lead artist with his 2009 single "Empire State of Mind" (with Alicia Keys), and three times with his guest performances on the singles "Heartbreaker" (1999) by Mariah Carey, "Crazy in Love" (2003) by Beyoncé, and "Umbrella" (2007) by Rihanna.
Jay-Z served as president and chief executive officer of Def Jam Recordings from 2004 to 2007, during which time he helped launch the careers of acts including Kanye West, Rihanna, and Ne-Yo. He co-founded Rocawear, a clothing retailer, in 1999, and founded the 40/40 Club, a luxury bar chain, in 2003. As both grew into multi-million-dollar businesses, he launched Roc Nation, a multi-disciplinary entertainment agency, in 2008. In 2015, he acquired the technology company Aspiro and led the expansion of its media streaming service Tidal. Through his business ventures, Jay-Z became the first hip-hop billionaire in 2019. After Block, Inc. (then Square, Inc.) acquired a majority stake in Tidal in March 2021, Jay-Z joined its board of directors.
One of the best-selling music artists with 125 million records sold, Jay-Z has won 25 Grammy Awards, the eighth-most of all time and the second-most of any hip-hop artist. He is the recipient of the NAACP's President's Award and four Emmy Awards (including three Primetime Emmy Awards), in addition to being nominated for a Tony Award. Jay-Z was the first rapper to be inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the eighth hip-hop act to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Time named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013.

Title: List of songs recorded by Kanye West
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_songs_recorded_by_Kanye_West
Excerpt: This is a list of songs recorded by Kanye West, an American rapper, record producer, and songwriter. The list includes over 600 released songs on which West appears as a main artist or featured artist, as well as a selection of notable unreleased recordings. Songs are organized alphabetically and cover West's discography from his early work in the 2000s through his releases in the 2020s, including collaborations released under group names such as Kids See Ghosts and ¥$.

Title: Doja Cat
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Doja_Cat
Excerpt: Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini (born October 21, 1995), known professionally as Doja Cat ( DOH-jə), is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter. Regarded as the "Queen of Pop-Rap", she is known for her musical versatility, live performing skills and humorous internet presence. Billboard named her "one of the world's biggest pop stars" and "one of the defining pop stars of this era", and Time listed her as one of the world's most influential people in 2023.
Doja Cat first gained attention in 2012 with her song "So High", which was independently published on SoundCloud, later leading to a commercial release and the independent release of her debut extended play, Purrr! (2014). After signing a recording contract with Kemosabe and RCA Records, she released her debut studio album, Amala (2018), which featured her viral single "Mooo!". Her second studio album, Hot Pink (2019), spawned the single "Say So", which became her first to top the US Billboard Hot 100. Her third studio album, Planet Her (2021), produced a string of top-ten hits, including "Kiss Me More", "Need to Know", and "Woman", and won her a Grammy Award. Her fourth studio album, Scarlet (2023), adopted a hip-hop-oriented sound and was led by her second US number-one single, "Paint the Town Red", while her fifth album, Vie (2025), marked a return to her pop roots.
Doja Cat is one of the best-selling female rappers of all time, with over 34 million records sold between 2018 and 2022. In 2024, Billboard ranked her as the 24th top woman artist and 2nd female rapper of the 21st century—five years after her first charted record (2019). Since 2020, she has won hundreds of accolades, including a Grammy Award from 19 nominations, six Billboard Music Awards, five American Music Awards, six MTV Video Music Awards and eight iHeartRadio Music Awards.

Title: Follow God
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Follow_God
Excerpt: "Follow God" is a song by American rapper Kanye West from his ninth studio album, Jesus Is King (2019). The song was produced by West, BoogzDaBeast and Xcelence. The producers wrote it alongside Aaron Butts, though the song's sampling of work by Whole Truth led to songwriting credits being listed for Calvin and Curtis Eubanks. It was playlisted to UK mainstream radio by the BBC as the album's lead single on November 8, 2019, through GOOD Music and Def Jam. Around the time of release, the song was the top performing track from Jesus Is King on streaming services. A religious hip hop track, it includes a sample of "Can You Lose by Following God" by Whole Truth, which is chopped up in certain sections. On February 6, 2021, a Dr. Dre remix was leaked from the scrapped Jesus Is King II album.
The lyrics of "Follow God" are about Kanye West's connection with his father, which is in reference to both God and his biological father Ray West, while the meaning of being "Christlike" is questioned by him. The song received generally positive reviews from music critics; many named it the best track on Jesus Is King. Critics appreciated the bouncing beat and Whole Truth sample, and complimented West's rapping flow and pace. The song was awarded Top Gospel Song and Rap/Hip Hop Recorded Song of the Year at the Billboard Music Awards and 51st GMA Dove Awards in 2020, respectively.
Commercially, "Follow God" debuted at number 7 on the US Billboard Hot 100, becoming West's 18th track to reach the top 10 on the chart. The song also reached the top 10 in nine other countries, including Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom. It was later certified double platinum and gold in the United States and the United Kingdom by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and British Phonographic Industry (BPI), respectively. The song also received a gold certification in Denmark by IFPI Danmark, while it was awarded this certification in Portugal by Associação Fonográfica Portuguesa (AFP). An accompanying music video was screened on November 6, 2019, and released the following day. It shows Kanye and Ray West drive ATVs in snow in Cody, Wyoming. The video concludes with a message from Kanye about his relationship with Ray West. Kanye West performed the song with the Sunday Service Choir as part of his Sunday Service concerts in 2019.

Title: IShowSpeed
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IShowSpeed
Excerpt: Darren Jason Watkins Jr. (born January 21, 2005), better known as IShowSpeed or simply Speed, is an American influencer and online streamer. Known for his dramatic and energetic behavior he displays during his variety live streams and in-real-life streams, he is regarded as one of the most popular entertainers and internet personalities in the world.
Watkins was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. Registering his YouTube channel in 2016, he first posted gaming content. Watkins started gaining attention in 2021 due to his violent verbal and physical reactions when gaming. In 2022, he began shifting focus towards general entertainment, including soccer-related content, becoming an avid supporter of Cristiano Ronaldo, commonly revolving his content around his support for the player.
In 2024, Watkins began to tour the world by livestreaming in various worldwide locations. Many of these streams gained significant live viewership and resulted in international news coverage, leading some to praise him and view him as a cultural ambassador as he showed a more authentic side of countries, such as their cultures and inventions, to both domestic and international audiences.
Watkins has also pursued a rapping career. He signed with Warner Records to release his 2022 single "World Cup", which charted in several countries. He followed it up with the 2026 single "Champions", which was featured on the FIFA World Cup 2026 Official Album and performed by himself at the tournament's closing ceremony. He was named Breakout Streamer of the Year at the 12th Streamy Awards in 2022, and twice won Streamer of the Year at the 2024 Streamer Awards and 2025 Streamer Awards.