Title: Robert Graves
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Graves
Excerpt: Robert Ranke Graves (24 July 1895 – 7 December 1985), whose second name is sometimes given as von Ranke,  was an English poet, novelist and critic. His father was Alfred Perceval Graves, a celebrated Irish poet and figure in the Gaelic revival; they were both Celticists and students of Irish mythology.
Robert Graves produced more than 140 works in his lifetime. His poems, his translations, and innovative analysis of the Greek myths, his memoir of his early life—including his role in the First World War, Good-Bye to All That (1929), and his speculative study of poetic inspiration in The White Goddess (1948), have never been out of print. He was also a renowned short story writer, with work such as "The Tenement" still read.
Graves earned his living from writing, particularly popular historical novels such as I, Claudius (1934), Count Belisarius (1938), and King Jesus (1946). He was also a prominent translator of Classical Latin and Ancient Greek texts; his versions of The Twelve Caesars and The Golden Ass remain popular for their clarity and entertaining style. Graves was awarded the 1934 James Tait Black Memorial Prize for both I, Claudius and Claudius the God.
Graves's eldest half-brother Philip achieved success as a journalist, and his younger brother Charles was a writer and journalist.

Title: Graves' disease
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graves%27_disease
Excerpt: Graves' disease, also known as toxic diffuse goiter, Basedow's disease or Flajani-Graves-Basedow disease, is an autoimmune disease that affects the thyroid. It frequently results in, and is the most common cause of, hyperthyroidism. It also often results in an enlarged thyroid. Signs and symptoms of hyperthyroidism may include irritability, muscle weakness, sleeping problems, a fast heartbeat, poor tolerance of heat, diarrhea and unintentional weight loss. Other symptoms may include thickening of the skin on the shins, known as pretibial myxedema, and eye bulging, a condition caused by Graves' ophthalmopathy. About 25 to 30% of people with the condition develop eye problems.
The exact cause of the disease is unclear, but symptoms are a result of antibodies binding to receptors on the thyroid, causing over-expression of thyroid hormone. Persons are more likely to be affected if they have a family member with the disease. If one monozygotic twin (identical twin) is affected, a 30% chance exists that the other twin will also have the disease. The onset of disease may be triggered by physical or emotional stress, infection, or by giving birth. Those with other autoimmune diseases such as type 1 diabetes and rheumatoid arthritis are more likely to be affected. Smoking increases the risk of disease and may worsen eye problems. The disorder results from an antibody, called thyroid-stimulating immunoglobulin (TSI), that has a similar effect to thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). These TSI antibodies cause the thyroid gland to produce excess thyroid hormones. The diagnosis may be suspected based on symptoms and confirmed with blood tests and radioiodine uptake. Typically, blood tests show a raised T3 and T4, low TSH, increased radioiodine uptake in all areas of the thyroid, and TSI antibodies.
The three treatment options are radioiodine therapy, medications, and thyroid surgery. Radioiodine therapy involves taking iodine-131 by mouth, which is then concentrated in the thyroid and destroys it over weeks to months. The resulting hypothyroidism is treated with synthetic thyroid hormones. Medications such as beta blockers may control some of the symptoms, and antithyroid medications such as methimazole may temporarily help people, while other treatments are having an effect. Surgery to remove the thyroid is another option. Eye problems may require additional treatments.
Graves' disease develops in about 0.5% of males and 3.0% of females. It occurs about 7.5 times more often in women than in men. Often, it starts between the ages of 40 and 60, but can begin at any age. It is the most common cause of hyperthyroidism in the United States (about 50 to 80% of cases). The condition is named after Irish surgeon Robert Graves, who described it in 1835. Many prior descriptions also exist.

Title: Robert James Graves
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_James_Graves
Excerpt: Robert James Graves  (27 March 1796 – 20 March 1853) was an Anglo-Irish surgeon after whom Graves' disease takes its name. He was President of the Royal College of Physicians of Ireland, Fellow of the Royal Society of London and the co-founder of the Dublin Journal of Medical Science. He is also claimed to be the uncredited inventor of the second-hand on watches.

Title: Samuel Robert Graves
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Samuel_Robert_Graves
Excerpt: Samuel Robert Graves  (7 June 1818 – 18 January 1873) was an Irish-born  businessman and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1865 to 1873.
Graves was the son of William Graves and his wife Sarah Elly daughter of Samuel Elly of New Ross. He was educated at a private school at New Ross. He was a merchant and shipowner, and a director of the London and North Western Railway. In 1861 he was mayor of Liverpool. He was a Member of the Royal Commission to inquire into the management of Lights, Buoys, and Beacons. He was commodore of the Royal Mersey Yacht Club and author of "National Dangers," and " A Cruise in the Baltic."
At the 1865 general election Graves was elected Member of Parliament for Liverpool. He held the seat until his death in 1873.
Graves married Elizabeth Haughton, daughter of Samuel Haughton of Burrin House, Carlow in 1848.
Graves died at the age of 54 and is buried in Toxteth Park Cemetery.

Title: Robert Graves (disambiguation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Graves_(disambiguation)
Excerpt: Robert Graves (1895–1985) was an English poet, translator and novelist.
Robert, Bob, or Rob Graves may also refer to:

Robert Graves (engraver) (1798–1873), English engraver
Robert Graves (rugby) (1883–1958), Australian rugby player
Robert Edmund Graves (1835–1922), English librarian
Robert James Graves (1796–1853), Irish surgeon
Robert Muir Graves (1930–2003), American landscape architect
Robert Perceval Graves (1810-1893), Irish biographer and Anglican priest
Bob Graves (footballer) (Robert Edward Graves, 1942–2021), English football goalkeeper
Rob Graves (guitarist) (1955–1990), American guitarist and bassist
Rob Graves (Robert Douglas Graves, born 1973), American musician