Title: English draughts
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/English_draughts
Excerpt: Draughts (British English) or checkers (American English), also called straight checkers or chequers, is a form of the strategy board game checkers (or draughts). It is played on an 8×8 checkerboard with 12 pieces per side. The pieces move and capture diagonally forward, until they reach the opposite end of the board, when they are crowned and can thereafter move and capture both backward and forward.
As in all forms of draughts, English draughts is played by two opponents, alternating turns on opposite sides of the board. The pieces are traditionally black, red, or white. Enemy pieces are captured by jumping over them.
The 8×8 variant of draughts was weakly solved in 2007 by a team of Canadian computer scientists led by Jonathan Schaeffer. From the standard starting position, both players can guarantee a draw with perfect play.

Title: Mind Sports South Africa
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mind_Sports_South_Africa
Excerpt: Mind Sports South Africa (MSSA) is recognised by Act of Parliament as the national controlling body for mind sports in South Africa.
Mind Sports South Africa (MSSA) is also an affiliate of the International eSports Federation, Fédération Mondiale du Jeu de Dames, and the International Wargames Federation. Due to its membership of such international bodies, the MSSA is the sole authority for the games that it caters for in terms of the Sport and Recreation Act, number 110 of 1998 (as amended).

Title: World Checkers Championship
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Checkers_Championship
Excerpt: The World Checkers/Draughts Championship is the tournament of English draughts (also known as "American checkers" or "straight checkers") which determines the world champion. It is organised by the World Checkers/Draughts Federation. The first edition of the men's championship was held in the 1840s, predating the international draughts world championship by several decades. The women's championship has been held since 1986.
There are championships held in two versions. One is 3-Move, where players don't begin their game in the starting position but a position three moves in the game (often drawn randomly from all positions, excluding positions already losing a piece). The other is GAYP (Go as you please), where players start from the very beginning.

Title: Lubabalo Kondlo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lubabalo_Kondlo
Excerpt: Lubabalo Nicholas Kondlo (born 21 December 1971) is a player of English draughts (also known as American checkers) from South Africa. He holds the title of grandmaster, and is the former world champion in the GAYP (go as you please) version.