Title: Flowers in the Attic (1987 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flowers_in_the_Attic_(1987_film)
Excerpt: Flowers in the Attic is a 1987 American psychological horror film directed by Jeffrey Bloom and starring Louise Fletcher, Victoria Tennant, Kristy Swanson, and Jeb Stuart Adams. Its plot follows four youngsters who, after the death of their father, are held captive in the attic of their abusive grandmother's sprawling estate by their cruel and manipulative mother. It is based on V. C. Andrews' 1979 novel of the same name.
At one point, Wes Craven was scheduled to direct the film, and had completed a screenplay draft. Producers were disturbed by his approach to the incest-laden story, and Jeffrey Bloom ended up with writing and directing duties.

Title: Kiernan Shipka
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kiernan_Shipka
Excerpt: Kiernan Brennan Shipka (born November 10, 1999) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Sally Draper in the AMC drama series Mad Men (2007–2015), and Sabrina Spellman in the Netflix fantasy series Chilling Adventures of Sabrina (2018–2020) and the sixth season of The CW series Riverdale (2021–2022).
In addition to supporting roles in films such as Longlegs, Twisters, and The Last Showgirl (all in 2024), Shipka has also had starring roles in The Blackcoat's Daughter (2015), Totally Killer (2023), and Sweethearts (2024), among others.

Title: Petals on the Wind (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Petals_on_the_Wind_(film)
Excerpt: Petals on the Wind is a 2014 Lifetime movie sequel to the 2014 adaptation Flowers in the Attic, starring Heather Graham, Rose McIver, Wyatt Nash, Bailey Buntain and Ellen Burstyn. It is based on V. C. Andrews' 1980 novel of the same name, the second novel on the Dollanganger series. The film follows the surviving Dollanganger children—Cathy, Chris and Carrie—ten years after escaping the attic. Despite attempting to move on with their lives, after multiple failed attempts and tragedies occur, Cathy decides it is time to take revenge on her mother.
Lifetime first announced the film shortly before Flowers in the Attic was released. The network announced on the premiere of the movie the developing of the following books of the Dollanganger series, If There Be Thorns and Seeds of Yesterday, both of which aired in 2015.
The film received a positive response from critics.

Title: Deborah Chow
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deborah_Chow
Excerpt: Deborah Chow is a Canadian filmmaker, television director and screenwriter known for her independent films and her work on Star Wars television. Two of her first short films, Daypass (2002) and The Hill (2004) have both won awards at various international film festivals. Her first feature film was The High Cost of Living (2010), which she both wrote and directed.
Chow has directed various projects for television, including the 2014 TV movie adaption of V. C. Andrews' Gothic novel Flowers in the Attic and episodes of the series Copper, Murdoch Mysteries, Reign, Beauty and the Beast, and Mr. Robot. Chow is also a director on the first season of the Star Wars series The Mandalorian (2019) and directed all six episodes of Obi-Wan Kenobi (2022) for Disney+.