Title: Howard Hawks
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howard_Hawks
Excerpt: Howard Winchester Hawks (May 30, 1896 – December 26, 1977) was an American film director, producer, and screenwriter of the classic Hollywood era. The critic Leonard Maltin called him "the greatest American director who is not a household name." Roger Ebert called Hawks "one of the greatest American directors of pure movies, and a hero of auteur critics because he found his own laconic values in so many different kinds of genre material." He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for Sergeant York (1941) and earned the Honorary Academy Award in 1974. 
A versatile director, Hawks explored many genres such as comedies, dramas, gangster films, science fiction, film noir, war films and Westerns. His most popular films include Scarface (1932), Bringing Up Baby (1938), Only Angels Have Wings (1939), His Girl Friday (1940), To Have and Have Not (1944), The Big Sleep (1946), Red River (1948), The Thing from Another World (1951), Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (1953), and Rio Bravo (1959). His frequent portrayals of strong, tough-talking female characters came to define the "Hawksian woman".
His work has influenced such directors as Peter Bogdanovich, Martin Scorsese, Robert Altman, John Carpenter, Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Clint Eastwood, Quentin Tarantino, Greta Gerwig and Michael Mann. Entertainment Weekly placed Hawks fourth on their list of greatest directors, writing: "His hallmarks are more thematic than visual: men who adhere to an understated code of manliness; women who like to yank the rug out from under those men's feet; a mistrust of pomposity; a love of sly, leg-pulling wit. Yet there's the ease of the complete filmmaker in his Westerns, dramas, musicals, detective films, and supremely confident comedies. No wonder the French adored the guy: His casual profundity was the studio's best advertisement for itself." Jean-Luc Godard called him "the greatest of all American artists".

Title: Two Arabian Knights
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Two_Arabian_Knights
Excerpt: Two Arabian Knights is a 1927 American silent comedy film, directed by Lewis Milestone and starring William Boyd, Mary Astor, and Louis Wolheim. The film was produced by Howard Hughes and was distributed by United Artists. The screenwriters were James T. O'Donohue, Wallace Smith, and George Marion Jr, based on a 1924 story by Donald McGibney, serialized in McClure's Magazine.
The film won the only Academy Award for Best Comedy Direction in 1929. The next year, AMPAS merged the categories Best Director of a Comedy Picture and Best Director of a Dramatic Picture to form the category Academy Award for Best Director.

Title: Clint Howard
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clint_Howard
Excerpt: Clinton Engle Howard (born April 20, 1959) is an American actor. He is the second son born to American actors Rance Howard and Jean Speegle Howard, and younger brother of actor and director Ron Howard. His more than 200 acting credits include the lead role in the feature film and television series Gentle Ben, main-cast roles in series The Baileys of Balboa and The Cowboys, supporting roles in feature films such as The Waterboy and Apollo 13, guest appearances in the series My Name Is Earl, and several roles in the Star Trek franchise. He has appeared in many films directed by his brother.

Title: The Road to Glory (1926 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Road_to_Glory_(1926_film)
Excerpt: The Road to Glory is a 1926 American silent drama film directed by Howard Hawks and starring May McAvoy, Leslie Fenton, and Ford Sterling. This was Hawks' first film, based on a 35-page treatment that Hawks wrote. It is one of only two Hawks works that are lost films.

Title: The Killer (2023 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Killer_(2023_film)
Excerpt: The Killer is a 2023 American action thriller film directed by David Fincher from a screenplay by Andrew Kevin Walker. It is based on the French graphic novel series The Killer written by Alexis "Matz" Nolent and illustrated by Luc Jacamon. The film stars Michael Fassbender in the main role alongside Arliss Howard, Charles Parnell, Kerry O'Malley, Sala Baker, Sophie Charlotte, and Tilda Swinton in supporting roles. In the film, Fassbender plays an assassin who embarks on an international vendetta after a hit goes wrong.
Development on the graphic novel adaptation began in November 2007, when Fincher was reported to direct the film with Alessandro Camon writing the script, and Paramount Pictures and Plan B Entertainment, respectively, were hired to distribute and produce the film. By February 2021, Fincher moved the project over to Netflix with Walker replacing Camon as writer and Fassbender circling the lead role. Swinton joined the cast that October, with filming beginning the following month, and wrapped March 2022. Filming locations included Paris, Dominican Republic, and several places in the United States.
The Killer premiered at the 80th Venice International Film Festival on September 3, 2023. The film received a limited theatrical release on October 27 before streaming on Netflix on November 10. The film received positive reviews from critics.