Title: Francis Ford (actor)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francis_Ford_(actor)
Excerpt: Francis Ford (born Francis Joseph Feeney; August 14, 1881 – September 5, 1953) was an American film actor, writer and director. He was the mentor and elder brother of film director John Ford. As an actor, director and producer, he was one of the first filmmakers in Hollywood.
He also appeared in many of his brother John's movies as a character actor, including The Informer (1935), Young Mr. Lincoln (1939), and The Quiet Man (1952). He gave a memorable performance as one of the men who is lynched in The Ox-Bow Incident.

Title: List of film director and actor collaborations
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_film_director_and_actor_collaborations
Excerpt: Some film directors and actors have collaborated numerous times and have become noteworthy for their partnerships. Note: In some instances, the body of work is too extensive to list all the films on which they worked together.

Title: Yellowface
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellowface
Excerpt: Portrayals of East Asians in American film and theatre has been a subject of controversy. These portrayals have frequently reflected an ethnocentric perception of East Asians rather than realistic and authentic depictions of East Asian cultures, colors, customs, and behaviors.
Yellowface, a form of theatrical makeup used by European-American performers to represent an East Asian person (similar to the practice of blackface used to represent African-American characters), continues to be used in film and theater. In the 21st century alone, Grindhouse (in a trailer parody of the Fu Manchu serials), Balls of Fury, I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry, Crank: High Voltage, and Cloud Atlas all feature yellowface or non-East Asian actors as East Asian caricatures.
American media portrayals of East Asians have reflected a dominant Americentric perception rather than realistic and authentic depictions of true cultures, customs and behaviors. Yellowface relies on stereotypes of East Asians in the United States.

Title: The Hurt Locker
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Hurt_Locker
Excerpt: The Hurt Locker is a 2008 American war film directed by Kathryn Bigelow and written by Mark Boal. It stars Jeremy Renner, Anthony Mackie, Brian Geraghty, Christian Camargo, Ralph Fiennes, David Morse, and Guy Pearce. It follows an Iraq War bomb disposal team who are targeted by insurgents and shows their psychological reactions to the stress of combat. Boal drew on his experience during embedded access to write the screenplay.
The Hurt Locker premiered at the 2008 Venice International Film Festival and was released in the United States on June 26, 2009, by Summit Entertainment. It received acclaim from critics, who praised the acting and cinematography. It was nominated for nine Academy Awards and won six, including Best Director and Best Original Screenplay, and became the first film directed by a woman to win Best Picture. It grossed $50 million worldwide.
The Hurt Locker is considered one of the most influential war films of the 2000s and the 21st century. In 2020, it was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".
Notwithstanding its popular appeal, the film has been criticised by Iraq War veterans as "absurd" and "nonsensical".

Title: Cowboys & Aliens
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cowboys_%26_Aliens
Excerpt: Cowboys & Aliens is a 2011 American space Western film directed by Jon Favreau and starring Daniel Craig, Harrison Ford, Olivia Wilde, Sam Rockwell, Adam Beach, Paul Dano, and Noah Ringer. The film is based on the 2006 Platinum Studios graphic novel of the same name created by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg. Set in the Southwestern United States in a retro-futuristic version of the 1870s, the film follows an amnesiac outlaw (Craig), a wealthy powerful cattleman (Ford) and a mysterious woman (Wilde) who must ally to save a group of townspeople who have been kidnapped by aliens. 
The screenplay was written by Roberto Orci, Alex Kurtzman, Damon Lindelof, Mark Fergus and Hawk Ostby, based on a screen story by the latter two along with Steve Oedekerk. The film was produced by Brian Grazer, Ron Howard, Kurtzman, Orci, and Rosenberg, with Steven Spielberg and Favreau serving as executive producers.
The project began development in April 1997, when Universal Pictures and DreamWorks Pictures bought film rights to a concept pitched by Rosenberg which he described as a graphic novel in development. After the graphic novel was published in 2006, development on the film was begun again, and Favreau signed on as director in September 2009. On a budget of $163 million, filming for Cowboys & Aliens began in June 2010, in New Mexico and California. Despite studio pressure to release the film in 3-D, Favreau chose to film traditionally and in anamorphic format (widescreen picture on standard 35 mm film) to further a "classic movie feel". Measures were taken to maintain a serious Western element despite the film's "inherently comic" title and premise. The film's aliens were designed to be "cool and captivating", with some details, such as a fungus that grows on their wounds, created to depict the creatures as frontiersmen facing adversity in an unfamiliar place.
Cowboys & Aliens premiered at the 2011 San Diego Comic-Con and was released theatrically in the United States and Canada by Universal Pictures on July 29 and almost everywhere in the coming weeks by Paramount Pictures. The film underperformed at the box office, earning $175 million on a $163 million budget and resulted in a $75-80 million loss for both Universal and DreamWorks. Cowboys & Aliens received mixed reviews, with critics generally praising its acting and special effects, but criticizing the screenplay and tone. The film is also Ringer's second and final performance to date.