Title: Richard Hell
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_Hell
Excerpt: Richard Lester Meyers (born October 2, 1949), better known by his stage name Richard Hell, is an American singer, songwriter, bass guitarist and writer.
Hell was in several important early punk rock bands, including Neon Boys, Television, and the Heartbreakers, after which he formed Richard Hell & the Voidoids. Their 1977 album Blank Generation influenced many other punk bands. Its title track was named "One of the 500 Songs That Shaped Rock" by music writers in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame listing and is ranked as one of the all-time Top 10 punk songs by a 2006 poll of original British punk figures, as reported in the Rough Guide to Punk.
Since the late 1980s, Hell has devoted himself primarily to writing, publishing two novels and several other books. He was the film critic for BlackBook magazine from 2004 to 2006.

Title: Music of Neon Genesis Evangelion
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Music_of_Neon_Genesis_Evangelion
Excerpt: Neon Genesis Evangelion (Japanese: 新世紀エヴァンゲリオン, Hepburn: Shinseiki Evangerion) is a 1995 anime series directed by Hideaki Anno. Shiro Sagisu composed the soundtracks for it and its sequels, remakes and spinoffs. In addition to Sagisu's compositions, the soundtracks include pieces by Masami Okui, Kotono Mitsuishi and a wide repertoire of classical music, including pieces by Ludwig van Beethoven, Johann Sebastian Bach, Giuseppe Verdi, and other composers. Under the direction of Toshimichi Ōtsuki, a representative of King Records and one of the producers of the series, "A Cruel Angel's Thesis" was composed as the series' opening theme song. The series used "Fly Me to the Moon", originally written by Bart Howard, as the closing theme song. Different versions of the song were recorded by British singer Claire Littley, Yoko Takahashi and the anime's main female voice actors, Megumi Hayashibara, Kotono Mitsuishi and Yuko Miyamura.
The anime soundtrack was collected in three main albums, released in 1995 and 1996. These were followed by several studio albums, collections and remixes. Sagisu also composed the soundtracks for the Rebuild of Evangelion tetralogy—a remake of the original series—and several derivative video games. Critics have compared several pieces to Beatles songs and soundtracks from earlier anime, such as Mobile Suit Gundam and Space Battleship Yamato. Sagisu's work has been well received by critics and audiences alike; several albums and singles from the soundtrack have been certified gold or platinum in Japan, reaching the top of the national charts. According to SciFi Japan, albums dedicated to Evangelion have sold a total of nine million copies.

Title: Jairo (singer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jairo_(singer)
Excerpt: Jairo [ˈxajɾo], pseudonym of Mario Rubén González Pierotti (born June 16, 1949), is an Argentine singer-songwriter and composer. Throughout his career, he has performed more than 500 songs in Spanish, French and Italian.
Among its most widespread songs they are: «Tu alma golondrina», «Por si tú quieres saber», «Tristezas», «De pronto sucedió», «El valle y el volcán», «Si vuelves será cansancio», «Amigos míos me enamoré», «Hoy dejó la ciudad», «Nos verán llegar», «Revólver» and «Me encanta esta hora del día».

Title: Sonic the Hedgehog 3 (soundtrack)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonic_the_Hedgehog_3_(soundtrack)
Excerpt: Sonic the Hedgehog 3: Music from the Motion Picture is the score album for the 2024 film of the same name. It features the original score composed by Tom Holkenborg and was released by Milan Records on December 20, 2024.

Title: Soul's Refrain
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soul%27s_Refrain
Excerpt: "Soul's Refrain" (Japanese: 魂のルフラン, Hepburn: Tamashī no Rufuran) is a song performed by Japanese singer Yōko Takahashi. Toshiyuki Ōmori composed and arranged the song, while Neko Oikawa wrote the lyrics. King Records released it as a single on February 21, 1997, and the production team used it during the closing sequence of the animated film Neon Genesis Evangelion: Death and Rebirth (1997). Oikawa based the lyrics on the Neon Genesis Evangelion episode "Rei III", connecting Rei Ayanami's death and subsequent return through another clone with the concept of reincarnation.
"Soul's Refrain" reached number three on the Oricon Singles Chart and became one of the best-known songs associated with the Evangelion franchise. Critics praised its melody, Oikawa's lyrics, and the way its music and themes complement the world of the series. The song later appeared in Evangelion-themed pachinko machines and received numerous cover versions.