Title: Howard Hawks
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howard_Hawks
Excerpt: Howard Winchester Hawks (May 30, 1896 – December 26, 1977) was an American film director, producer, and screenwriter of the classic Hollywood era. The critic Leonard Maltin called him "the greatest American director who is not a household name." Roger Ebert called Hawks "one of the greatest American directors of pure movies, and a hero of auteur critics because he found his own laconic values in so many different kinds of genre material." He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Director for Sergeant York (1941) and earned the Honorary Academy Award in 1974. 
A versatile director, Hawks explored many genres such as comedies, dramas, gangster films, science fiction, film noir, war films and Westerns. His most popular films include Scarface (1932), Bringing Up Baby (1938), Only Angels Have Wings (1939), His Girl Friday (1940), To Have and Have Not (1944), The Big Sleep (1946), Red River (1948), The Thing from Another World (1951), Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (1953), and Rio Bravo (1959). His frequent portrayals of strong, tough-talking female characters came to define the "Hawksian woman".
His work has influenced such directors as Peter Bogdanovich, Martin Scorsese, Robert Altman, John Carpenter, Rainer Werner Fassbinder, Clint Eastwood, Quentin Tarantino, Greta Gerwig and Michael Mann. Entertainment Weekly placed Hawks fourth on their list of greatest directors, writing: "His hallmarks are more thematic than visual: men who adhere to an understated code of manliness; women who like to yank the rug out from under those men's feet; a mistrust of pomposity; a love of sly, leg-pulling wit. Yet there's the ease of the complete filmmaker in his Westerns, dramas, musicals, detective films, and supremely confident comedies. No wonder the French adored the guy: His casual profundity was the studio's best advertisement for itself." Jean-Luc Godard called him "the greatest of all American artists".

Title: Leslie Howard
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leslie_Howard
Excerpt: Leslie Howard Steiner (3 April 1893 – 1 June 1943), better known as Leslie Howard, was an English actor, director, producer, and writer. He wrote many stories and articles for The New York Times, The New Yorker, and Vanity Fair and was one of the biggest box-office draws and movie idols of the 1930s.
Active in both Britain and Hollywood, Howard played Ashley Wilkes in Gone with the Wind (1939). He had roles in many other films, including Berkeley Square (1933), Of Human Bondage, The Scarlet Pimpernel (both 1934), The Petrified Forest (1936), Pygmalion (1938), Intermezzo (1939), "Pimpernel" Smith (1941), and The First of the Few (1942). He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for Berkeley Square and Pygmalion, and won the Volpi Cup for Best Actor for the latter film.
Howard's Second World War activities included acting and filmmaking. He helped to make anti-German propaganda and shore up support for the Allies; two years after his death, the British Film Yearbook described Howard's work as "one of the most valuable facets of British propaganda". He was rumoured to have been involved with British or Allied Intelligence, sparking conspiracy theories regarding his death in 1943 when the Luftwaffe shot down BOAC Flight 777 over the Atlantic (off the coast of Cedeira, A Coruña), on which he was a passenger.

Title: Clint Howard
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clint_Howard
Excerpt: Clinton Engle Howard (born April 20, 1959) is an American actor. He is the second son born to American actors Rance Howard and Jean Speegle Howard, and younger brother of actor and director Ron Howard. His more than 200 acting credits include the lead role in the feature film and television series Gentle Ben, main-cast roles in series The Baileys of Balboa and The Cowboys, supporting roles in feature films such as The Waterboy and Apollo 13, guest appearances in the series My Name Is Earl, and several roles in the Star Trek franchise. He has appeared in many films directed by his brother.

Title: Howard Bretherton
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Howard_Bretherton
Excerpt: Howard Bretherton (13 February 1890 – 12 April 1969) was an American film director and editor.

Title: David Rollins (actor)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Rollins_(actor)
Excerpt: David Jerome Rollins (September 2, 1907 – August 6, 1997) was an American actor and later farmer who had a short but prolific career in films, including at least 16 full-length films between 1927 and 1932. His time in Hollywood straddled the shift from silent to talking pictures, with most of his roles being in silent movies, many now considered lost films. His most notable role came in the 1930 talkie The Big Trail, which featured John Wayne's first performance.