Title: David
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David
Excerpt: David (; Biblical Hebrew: דָּוִד, romanized: Dāwīḏ, "beloved one") was, originally, leader of the Tribe of Judah who became the second king of the united Kingdom of Israel, according to the Hebrew Bible and Old Testament.
David's reign may have occurred around the 9th century BC, although the timeframe of his reign and geographical boundaries of his kingdom are disputed.  Most of what is known of David comes from biblical literature, the historicity of which has been extensively challenged, and there is little detail about David that is concrete and undisputed. Debates persist over several controversial issues: whether the story serves as a political defence of David's dynasty against accusations of tyranny, murder and regicide; the relationship between David and Jonathan; whether the text is a Homer-like heroic tale adopting elements from its Ancient Near East parallels; and whether elements of the text date as late as the Hasmonean period.
In the biblical narrative of the Books of Samuel, David is described as a young shepherd and harpist whose heart is devoted to Yahweh, the one true God. He gains fame and becomes a hero by killing the giant Philistine warrior Goliath. He becomes a favorite of Saul, the first king of Israel, but is forced to go into hiding when Saul suspects David of plotting to take his throne. After Saul and his son Jonathan are killed in battle, David is anointed king by the tribe of Judah and eventually all the tribes of Israel. He conquers Jerusalem, makes it the capital of a united Israel, and brings the Ark of the Covenant to the city. He commits adultery with Bathsheba and arranges the death of her husband, Uriah the Hittite. David's son Absalom later tries to overthrow him, but David returns to Jerusalem after Absalom's death to continue his reign. David desires to build a temple to Yahweh, but is denied because of the bloodshed of his reign. He dies at age 70 and chooses Solomon, his son with Bathsheba, as his successor instead of his eldest surviving son Adonijah. David is honoured as an ideal king and the forefather of the future Hebrew Messiah in Jewish prophetic literature, and many psalms are attributed to him.
David is also richly represented in post-biblical Jewish written and oral tradition and referenced in the New Testament. Early Christians interpreted the life of Jesus of Nazareth in light of references to the Hebrew Messiah and to David; Jesus is described as being directly descended from David in the Gospel of Matthew and the Gospel of Luke. In the Quran and hadith, David is described as an Israelite king as well as a prophet of Allah. The biblical David has inspired many interpretations in art and literature over the centuries.

Title: Outlaw country
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outlaw_country
Excerpt: Outlaw country is a subgenre of American country music created by a small group of artists active in the 1970s and early 1980s, known collectively as the outlaw movement, who fought for,  and won, their creative freedom outside of the Nashville establishment that dictated the sound of most country music of the era. Johnny Cash, Willie Nelson, Waylon Jennings, Kris Kristofferson, David Allan Coe, Johnny Paycheck and Jerry Jeff Walker were among the movement's most commercially successful members.
The music has its roots in earlier subgenres like Western, honky tonk, rockabilly, and progressive country, and is characterized by a blend of rock and folk rhythms, country instrumentation, and introspective lyrics. The movement began as a reaction to the slick production and limiting structures of the Nashville sound developed by Chet Atkins and other record producers.

Title: WALL-E
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WALL-E
Excerpt: WALL-E (stylized with an interpunct as WALL·E) is a 2008 American animated science fiction film directed by Andrew Stanton, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jim Reardon, based on a story by Stanton and Pete Docter. Produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures, the film stars the voices of Ben Burtt, Elissa Knight, Jeff Garlin, John Ratzenberger, Kathy Najimy, and Sigourney Weaver, with Fred Willard in a live-action role. The film follows a solitary robot named WALL-E on a future, uninhabitable, deserted Earth in 2805, left to clean up garbage. He is visited by a robot called EVE sent from the starship Axiom, with whom he falls in love and pursues across the galaxy.
After directing Finding Nemo, Stanton felt Pixar had created believable simulations of underwater physics and was willing to direct a film set largely in space. WALL-E has minimal dialogue in its early sequences; many of the characters in the film do not have voices, but instead communicate with body language and robotic sounds that were designed by Burtt. The film incorporates various topics including human environmental impact and concerns, global catastrophic risk, consumerism, corporatocracy, waste management, obesity/sedentary lifestyles, and nostalgia. It is also Pixar's first animated film featuring live-action segments. Thomas Newman composed the film's musical score. The film cost $180 million to produce, a record-breaking sum for an animated film at the time. Following Pixar tradition, WALL-E was paired with a short film titled Presto for its theatrical release.
WALL-E premiered at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles on June 23, 2008, and was released in the United States on June 27. The film received widespread acclaim for its animation, characters, themes, visuals, score, sound design, screenplay and use of minimal dialogue. It was also commercially successful, grossing $532 million worldwide and becoming the ninth-highest grossing film of 2008. It won several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature alongside five additional nominations. The film was widely named by critics and organizations, including the American Film Institute and National Board of Review, as one of the best films of 2008 and among the greatest animated films ever made. In 2021, WALL-E was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Title: Whataboutism
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism
Excerpt: "Whataboutism" or "whataboutery" (as in, "but what about X?") refers to the propaganda strategy of responding to an accusation with a counter-accusation instead of offering an explanation or defense against the original accusation. It is an informal fallacy that the accused party uses to avoid accountability—whether attempting to distract by shifting the conversation's focus away from their behaviour or attempting to justify themselves by pointing to the similar behaviour (which may be true or false, but irrelevant) of their opponent or another party who is not the current subject of discussion.
From a logical and argumentative point of view, whataboutism is a variant of the "tu quoque" pattern, a subtype of the ad hominem style of argument.
The intent is often to distract from the topic's content (red herring). The goal may also be to question the justification for criticism and the critic's legitimacy, integrity, and fairness, which can discredit the criticism whether or not it is justified. Common accusations include double standards and hypocrisy, but it can also be used to relativize criticism of one's own viewpoints or behaviors (A: "Long-term unemployment often means poverty in Germany." B: "And what about the starving in Africa and Asia?"). Related manipulation and propaganda techniques that involve rhetorical evasion of the topic include changing topic and false balance (also called "bothsidesism").
Some commentators have defended the usage of whataboutism and tu quoque in certain contexts. Whataboutism can provide necessary context into whether or not a particular line of critique is relevant or fair, and behavior that may be imperfect by international standards may be appropriate in a given geopolitical neighbourhood. Accusing an interlocutor of whataboutism can also in itself be manipulative and serve the motive of discrediting, as critical talking points can be used selectively and purposefully even as the starting point of the conversation (cf. agenda setting, framing, framing effect, priming, cherry picking). The deviation from them can then be branded as whataboutism. Both whataboutism and the accusation of it are forms of strategic framing and have a framing effect.

Title: Usha Vance
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Usha_Vance
Excerpt: Usha Bala Vance (née Chilukuri Usha; born January 6, 1986) is an American lawyer and second lady of the United States since 2025, being the wife of JD Vance, the 50th vice president of the United States. She is the first Indian-American, Telugu American, South Asian American,Asian American and Hindu American Second lady Of United States.
Vance was born in San Diego County, California, to Telugu immigrant parents and raised in an upper-middle-class suburb. She graduated from Yale University with a bachelor's degree in history and from Yale Law School with a Juris Doctor, after which she served as a law clerk for several senior federal judges—including Chief Justice John Roberts, Judge Brett Kavanaugh, and Judge Amul Thapar.
In 2019, Vance was admitted to the District of Columbia Bar, subsequently working for a law firm handling civil litigation and appeals in cases involving higher education, local government, entertainment, and technology. She resigned from the firm in July 2024. At the 2024 Republican National Convention, Vance delivered the introductory address for the election campaign of her husband and attended many of his campaign events—often appearing onstage in support of his bid for the vice presidency.