Title: The Host (2006 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Host_(2006_film)
Excerpt: The Host  is a 2006 monster film directed and co-written by Bong Joon Ho. It stars Song Kang-ho as food stand vendor Park Gang-du whose daughter Hyun-seo (Go Ah-sung) is kidnapped by a creature dwelling around the Han River in Seoul. Byun Hee-bong, Park Hae-il, and Bae Doona appear in supporting roles as Gang-du's father, brother, and sister, respectively, who help Gang-du escape quarantine against an alleged virus derived from the monster and search for his daughter. Considered a co-production between South Korea and Japan, the film was produced by independent studio Chungeorahm Film and presented by its South Korean distributor Showbox and the Japanese investor Happinet.
Bong had dreamed of making a monster movie since his adolescence, inspired by the Godzilla and Ultraman franchises. The catalyst for The Host was the McFarland incident that occurred in February 2000, when an American civilian working on a military base in South Korea ordered the disposal of formaldehyde down a drain leading to the Han River. Bong devised the story of a monster resulting from this incident and proposed it two years later. In 2003, he started scripting The Host with Ha Joon-won; Baek Chul-hyun joined the pair to revise the script in December 2004. Principal photography lasted from June 2005 to January 2006, mostly taking place in Seoul along the Han River. New Zealand-based special effects company Wētā Workshop modeled the creature and the American studio The Orphanage handled the visual effects. Of the film's $11 million budget, $4.5 million was spent on the over 100 visual effect shots.
An unfinished cut of The Host debuted at the 59th Cannes Film Festival on May 21, 2006, as part of the Directors' Fortnight. The finished film was released in South Korea on July 27, Japan on September 2, and in the United States on March 9, 2007. It became the highest-grossing South Korean film of all time, earning $89–97 million worldwide. Many critics praised The Host as among the best films of 2006 or 2007. The film received several accolades, including the inaugural Asian Film Award for Best Film. A sequel and an American remake were later announced, but neither materialized.
In recent years, The Host has been called one of the best monster and horror films of the 21st century thus far, and it has been listed among the greatest science fiction films ever made. It is regarded as a landmark of Korean cinema and remains among South Korea's highest-grossing films. Some retrospective reviews felt that The Host has grown in relevance as COVID-19 restrictions reflected elements of the film.

Title: Pucca (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pucca_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Pucca (Korean: 짜장소녀 뿌까; RR: Jjajangsonyeo Ppukka) is an animated comedy television series based on a series of shorts created by the South Korean company VOOZ Character System. The series revolves around Pucca, a young girl who is in love and infatuated with a ninja named Garu. The series has aired on Champ TV and MBC TV in South Korea. The series has also aired on Toon Disney's Jetix block in the U.S., and on the international Jetix channels throughout Europe and Latin America. In Canada, the show had aired on Family Channel.
Pucca premiered in 2006, with a set of 26 episodes (78 segments). The second season of the show, consisting of 13 episodes (39 segments), began airing in 2008 after it was ordered to be created by Jetix Europe. In October 2018, a third season was announced by Planeta Junior, a company within Planeta Group. The third season aired in South Korea on 10 December 2018 on MBC TV, and 19 December 2018 on Tooniverse. It consists of 26 episodes (76 segments). The third season of Pucca, titled Pucca: Love Recipe in English, was released on Netflix on 31 December 2019, before being removed on 29 June 2023.
In total, not including the past online aired episodes of the show, this brought the number of created segments to 191. The main theme song is also sung in Korean.

Title: Poetry (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poetry_(film)
Excerpt: Poetry (Korean: 시; RR: Si) is a 2010 drama film written and directed by Lee Chang-dong. Starring Yoon Jeong-hee in her first feature credit since 1994 (and the last before her death in 2023), it follows Yang Mi-ja, a suburban woman in her 60s, who begins to develop an interest in poetry while struggling with Alzheimer's disease and her irresponsible grandson.
The film had its world premiere at the main competition of the 2010 Cannes Film Festival, where it won the Best Screenplay award. Other accolades include the Grand Bell Awards for Best Picture and Best Actress, the Blue Dragon Film Awards for Best Actress, the Los Angeles Film Critics Association Award for Best Actress, and the Asia Pacific Screen Award for Achievement in Directing and Best Performance by an Actress.
It was theatrically released in South Korea by Next Entertainment World on 13 May 2010.

Title: Kingdom (South Korean TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom_(South_Korean_TV_series)
Excerpt: Kingdom (Korean: 킹덤) is a South Korean zombie sageuk action horror thriller series, created and written by Kim Eun-hee, based on the webtoon series The Kingdom of the Gods (Korean: 신의나라:버닝헬) by Kim Eun-hee and Yang Kyung-il. As Netflix's first original Korean series, it premiered on January 25, 2019. It stars Ju Ji-hoon, Bae Doona, Ryu Seung-ryong, Kim Sang-ho, Kim Sung-kyu, and Kim Hye-jun.
Set in 1601, three years after the end of the Imjin War, Kingdom takes place in a fictional Joseon (now Korea) and blends political thriller with zombie horror. The story follows Lee Chang, the crown prince of the House of Yi, who attempts to investigate the mysterious illness recently afflicting the King, only to find himself caught in the middle of a deadly epidemic ravaging the kingdom. While trying to save the Kingdom from the plague, he must also stop his political opponents from seizing the throne.
The series was positively reviewed and renewed for a second season, which premiered March 13, 2020.
A special feature-length episode of the series, titled "Ashin of the North", was released on July 23, 2021, presenting a focus on the supporting character played by Jun Ji-hyun. The episode acts as a sidequel to the second season of Kingdom. It explores the backstory of Ashin, the mysterious character Lee Chang's group encountered on their journey north to discover the origins of the infected.

Title: Sinners (2025 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinners_(2025_film)
Excerpt: Sinners is a 2025 American horror film produced, written, and directed by Ryan Coogler. Set in 1932 in the Mississippi Delta, it stars Michael B. Jordan in dual roles as criminal twin brothers who return to their hometown in the Jim Crow South, where they are confronted by a supernatural evil. The film co-stars Hailee Steinfeld, Miles Caton (in his film debut), Jack O'Connell, Wunmi Mosaku, Jayme Lawson, Omar Benson Miller, and Delroy Lindo.
Coogler began developing Sinners through his production company Proximity Media, with Jordan cast in the lead role. The project was announced in January 2024, and after a bidding war, Warner Bros. Pictures acquired distribution rights the following month. Additional roles were cast in April. Principal photography took place from April to July 2024. Longtime Coogler collaborator Ludwig Göransson composed the film's score and served as an executive producer.
Sinners premiered on April 3, 2025 at AMC Lincoln Square in New York City, and was theatrically released in United States on April 18, 2025. It received critical acclaim and was a commercial success, grossing $370 million worldwide against a budget of $90–100 million. The National Board of Review and the American Film Institute listed it among the top ten films of 2025. Sinners garnered many accolades, including a record-breaking 16 nominations at the 98th Academy Awards, winning four: Best Actor (Jordan), Best Original Screenplay (Coogler), Best Cinematography (Autumn Durald Arkapaw, the first woman to win the award), and Best Original Score (Göransson). It also received 13 BAFTA Awards nominations, winning three, including Coogler's win for Best Original Screenplay; four Critics' Choice Awards; two Golden Globe Awards; two Actor Awards (including Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture); and a historic 18 nominations and 13 wins at the 57th NAACP Image Awards, including the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Motion Picture.