Title: Marvel Studios
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Studios
Excerpt: Marvel Studios, LLC, formerly known as Marvel Films, is an American film and television production company. Marvel Studios is the creator of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), a media franchise and shared universe of films and television series produced by the studio, based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics publications. Producer Avi Arad initially founded Marvel Films in December 1993 as part of the Marvel Entertainment Group, before forming Marvel Studios in August 1996 to have greater oversight of the development of Marvel adaptations. The studio originally licensed the film rights for several Marvel characters before beginning to produce its own films in 2004 under the direction of David Maisel, and has since regained many of those rights. Arad left the studio in 2006, and since 2007, it has been led by producer Kevin Feige, who has served as its president since 2008 and has produced each of its MCU films. The Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Studios's parent company, Marvel Entertainment, in 2009. Marvel Studios was transferred in 2015 to the Walt Disney Studios. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures has distributed most of the studio's films since The Avengers (2012). Marvel Studios began developing its own live-action and animated television series in 2018, most of which are connected to its films.
Since 2008, Marvel Studios has released 38 films within the MCU, from Iron Man (2008) to Spider-Man: Brand New Day (2026) and 17 television series since 2021, from WandaVision (2021) to Wonder Man (2026). The studio also operates the smaller Marvel Studios Animation division, which developed the television series What If...? (2021–2024) as the first animated property produced solely by the studio. These films and television series all share continuity with each other, along with five short films called Marvel One-Shots produced by the studio that were released from 2011 to 2014 and three television specials called Special Presentations released from 2022 to 2026. From 2013 until 2020, the Marvel Entertainment division Marvel Television, led by television producer Jeph Loeb, released 12 television series that also acknowledged the MCU continuity. These were produced before that company was folded into Marvel Studios in December 2019, when it became a production label. Since 2024, Marvel Studios has used "Marvel Television" and "Marvel Animation" banners to release its television and animated projects, respectively. Several studio executives oversee the production and development of select films and series as lead producers, including Brad Winderbaum, who has been the head of television and animation, as well as Marvel Comics's publishing and global brands and franchises, since May 2026. Victoria Alonso, who joined the studio in 2006, previously oversaw its physical and post-production process, visual effects, and animation until 2023.
The MCU films produced by Marvel Studios have grossed over $30 billion at the global box office, making it responsible for one of the highest-grossing media franchises and the highest-grossing film franchise of all time. Twelve of the studio's films have grossed more than $1 billion and are among the highest-grossing films of all time: The Avengers, Iron Man 3 (2013), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Captain America: Civil War (2016), Black Panther (2018), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Captain Marvel (2019), Avengers: Endgame (2019), Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019), Spider-Man: No Way Home (2021), Deadpool & Wolverine (2024), and Spider-Man: Brand New Day; Avengers: Endgame was the highest-grossing film of all time from July 2019 until March 2021. In addition to the MCU, Marvel Studios has also been involved with the production of other Marvel-based film franchises that have grossed over $1 billion at the box office, including the X-Men and Spider-Man multi-film franchises, as well as eight direct-to-video short films with the Marvel Animation production company called Marvel Animated Features that were released from 2006 until 2011 as a proof of concept for the MCU. Marvel Studios has consistently featured different animations of its production logo at the opening of most of its productions and operated an in-house visual development department before transitioning to using contractors following layoffs throughout Disney.

Title: List of Marvel Cinematic Universe television series (Marvel Television)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Marvel_Cinematic_Universe_television_series_(Marvel_Television)
Excerpt: The Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) television series are American superhero television shows produced by Marvel Television—not to be confused with the Marvel Studios label of the same name—based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics. The series are set in, or inspired by, the shared universe of the MCU film franchise.
The MCU first expanded to television after Marvel Television was formed in 2010, with that studio producing 12 series with ABC Studios and its production division ABC Signature Studios. These were released from September 2013 to August 2020 across broadcast on ABC, streaming on Netflix and Hulu, and cable on Freeform. The main ABC series were inspired by the films and featured film characters, while a connected group of series for Netflix crossed over with each other. Young adult-focused series were produced for Freeform and Hulu. Numerous additional series were planned that never materialized, including two unaired pilots as well as a group of series for Hulu called "Adventure into Fear" that were planned before Marvel Television was shut down in December 2019; the Adventure into Fear franchise produced the series Helstrom (2020), which ultimately was disconnected from the MCU upon its release.
Despite featuring characters from and numerous references to the MCU films, the series were widely seen as being ignored by Marvel Studios and the films. This is in contrast to later series developed by Marvel Studios. The latter studio began integrating the Marvel Television series more into the MCU in early 2024 starting with the Netflix shows.

Title: Inhumans (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inhumans_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Marvel's Inhumans, or simply Inhumans, is an American television series created by Scott Buck for ABC based on the Marvel Comics race of Inhumans. It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and acknowledges the franchise's other television series. It was produced by ABC Studios and Marvel Television in association with Devilina Productions, and was co-financed by IMAX Entertainment in a deal that gave the series a theatrical premiere. Buck served as showrunner on the series.
The series is centered on Black Bolt, portrayed by Anson Mount, and other members of the Inhuman Royal Family. Serinda Swan, Ken Leung, Eme Ikwuakor, Isabelle Cornish, Ellen Woglom, and Iwan Rheon also star. Marvel Studios announced an Inhumans film in 2014 as part of their Phase Three slate of films, with the species first introduced to the MCU in the series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. The film was removed from Marvel Studios' slate in April 2016, and the Inhumans series was announced that November, to be partly filmed using IMAX cameras. Buck joined the series in October, and Mount was cast in February 2017. Filming took place from March to June 2017, at the former Naval Air Station Barbers Point airfield in Kalaeloa, Hawaii and various locations on the island of Oahu.
Inhumans debuted on IMAX screens on September 1, 2017, the first live-action television series to do so. The theatrical run lasted two weeks, before the series premiered on ABC on September 29 and ran for eight episodes, concluding on November 10. The series was met with unfavorable reviews and low television ratings, and was canceled by ABC in May 2018. Mount reprised his role as an alternate version of Black Bolt in Marvel Studios' MCU film Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (2022).

Title: Marvel Cinematic Universe: Phase Three
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Cinematic_Universe:_Phase_Three
Excerpt: Phase Three of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) is a group of American superhero films produced by Marvel Studios based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics. The MCU is the shared universe in which all of the films are set. The phase, which began with Captain America: Civil War in May 2016, features individual superhero films that build to the crossover films Avengers: Infinity War (2018) and Avengers: Endgame (2019). It includes two Spider-Man films that were co-productions between Marvel Studios and Columbia Pictures, including Spider-Man: Far From Home which ended Phase Three in July 2019. Phases One, Two, and Three make up "The Infinity Saga" storyline.
Kevin Feige produced every film in the phase, with Amy Pascal also producing Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017) and Far From Home, and Stephen Broussard also producing Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018). Civil War, Infinity War, and Endgame directors Anthony and Joe Russo and writers Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely collaborated with the creative teams for each film in the phase. The films star Chris Evans as Steve Rogers / Captain America in Civil War, Benedict Cumberbatch as Dr. Stephen Strange in Doctor Strange (2016), Chris Pratt as Peter Quill / Star-Lord in Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017), Tom Holland as Peter Parker / Spider-Man in the Spider-Man films, Chris Hemsworth as Thor in Thor: Ragnarok (2017), Chadwick Boseman as T'Challa / Black Panther in Black Panther (2018), Paul Rudd as Scott Lang / Ant-Man and Evangeline Lilly as Hope van Dyne / Wasp in Ant-Man and the Wasp, and Brie Larson as Carol Danvers / Captain Marvel in Captain Marvel (2019); all returned for one or both of the crossover films. Evans and Holland have the most appearances in the phase, each starring or making cameo appearances in five films. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures distributed the films except for the Spider-Man films, which were released by Sony Pictures Releasing. The phase's films grossed over US$13.5 billion at the global box office and received generally positive critical and public responses. Endgame became the highest-grossing film at the time. The phase is seen as the franchise's best, with consistent quality and a cohesive overarching story.
Each feature film received tie-in comic books and some were marketed using the in-universe news shows WHIH Newsfront and The Daily Bugle. Marvel Studios also released the Team Thor mockumentary shorts series which expand on Thor's portrayal in Ragnarok. In 2024, a group of television series based on Marvel Comics that were produced by Marvel Television, separately from Marvel Studios, for the streaming service Netflix were retroactively added to the MCU timeline, primarily alongside Phase Three content.

Title: Species of the Marvel Cinematic Universe
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Species_of_the_Marvel_Cinematic_Universe
Excerpt: The Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) is an American media franchise and shared universe centered on superhero films and television series starring various titular superheroes independently produced by Marvel Studios: based on characters that appear in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The shared universe, much like the original Marvel Universe in comic books, was established by crossing over common plot elements, settings, cast, and characters. Due to the galaxy-spanning nature of the franchise, multiple different species have been introduced.