Title: Lil Wayne
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lil_Wayne
Excerpt: Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. (born September 27, 1982), known professionally as Lil Wayne, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record executive. He is often regarded as one of the most influential hip-hop artists of his generation, as well as one of the greatest rappers of all time. Born and raised in New Orleans, he was discovered by hometown rapper Birdman in 1993 and signed with his record label, Cash Money Records, at age eleven. He emerged as the label's flagship artist until his departure in 2018.
Carter was first placed in a duo with Cash Money labelmate B.G. in 1994—known collectively as the B.G.'z—and they released the album True Story that year, although Carter (at the time known as Baby D) appeared on only three of its tracks. Carter and B.G. then formed the Southern hip-hop group Hot Boys with labelmates Juvenile and Turk in 1997, and released their debut album, Get It How U Live! that year. The Hot Boys gained mainstream success after the release of their second album Guerrilla Warfare (1999) and their appearance on B.G.'s single, "Bling Bling." The group briefly disbanded after the album due to each member (besides Carter) parting ways with the label, although one further album—Let 'Em Burn (2003)—was released.
Carter's debut studio album, Tha Block Is Hot (1999), was his breakthrough as a solo artist, quickly achieving commercial success. It was followed by Lights Out (2000) and 500 Degreez (2003). Carter is credited with revolutionizing the mixtape scene with his innovative approach in the 2000s. His fourth and fifth albums, Tha Carter (2004) and Tha Carter II (2005), both debuted within the top five of the Billboard 200 and received critical acclaim. His sixth album, Tha Carter III (2008), yielded the pinnacle of Wayne's career, with first-week sales of over one million units domestically. It won the Best Rap Album at the 51st Annual Grammy Awards and was supported by his first Billboard Hot 100-number one single "Lollipop" (featuring Static Major), and the top-ten singles "A Milli" and "Got Money" (featuring T-Pain). 
Carter's seventh studio album, Rebirth (2010), experimented with rap rock and was released to generally negative critical reception. A month after its release, he began serving an 8-month jail sentence for criminal possession of a weapon stemming from an incident in 2007. His eighth album, I Am Not a Human Being (2010), was released during his incarceration, while his ninth album, Tha Carter IV (2011), followed months after his release from prison. Despite mixed reviews, Tha Carter IV sold 964,000 units in its first-week in the U.S. His twelfth studio album, Tha Carter V (2018)—preceded by I Am Not a Human Being II (2013) and Free Weezy Album (2015)—was released following long-term delays and label disputes, and sold 480,000 units in its first-week. His thirteenth album, Funeral (2020), became his fifth non-consecutive number one album, followed by his fourteenth album, Tha Carter VI (2025).
Carter has sold over 120 million records worldwide, including over 25 million albums and 95 million digital tracks in the U.S, making him one of the world's best-selling music artists. He has won five Grammy Awards, eleven BET Awards, four Billboard Music Awards, two MTV Video Music Awards and eight NAACP Image Awards. On September 27, 2012, he became the first male artist to surpass Elvis Presley with the most entries on the Billboard Hot 100, with 109 songs. Carter founded the record label Young Money Entertainment in 2005, which has signed artists including Drake, Tyga and Nicki Minaj.

Title: No Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/No_Love
Excerpt: "No Love" is a song by American rapper Eminem featuring Lil Wayne. It was originally released on June 18, 2010 as a track from Eminem's seventh studio album Recovery, before being released as its third single from the album on October 5, 2010. The song was written by the artists alongside producer Just Blaze, with additional writing credits going to Dee Dee Halligan and Junior Torello for the sampling of "What Is Love" by Haddaway, featuring its chorus as the backing vocals. "No Love" reached number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100. It has sold more than a million digital downloads in the United States. It was ranked the 8th best song of 2010 by Complex.
The music video was directed by Chris Robinson. A teaser premiered on Eminem's YouTube channel on September 29, 2010. The video premiered September 30 and is about a boy who is bullied but eventually defends himself after being motivated by listening to Eminem and Lil Wayne songs. Various hip hop producers make cameo appearances in the video. The song was performed by Eminem and Lil Wayne during an episode of Saturday Night Live and on Eminem's and Jay-Z's The Home & Home Tour. In August 2022, "No Love" was featured on Eminem's second greatest hits album Curtain Call 2.

Title: How to Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/How_to_Love
Excerpt: "How to Love" is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne, released as the third single from his ninth studio album, Tha Carter IV. The song features production from Drum Up (LaMar Seymour, LaNelle Seymour) for Drum Up Digital with Noel "Detail" Fisher and was released as a digital download on June 13, 2011. It was later released to urban contemporary radio stations on June 24, 2011. The song also makes it his first entry on hot adult contemporary stations, as CJFM-FM Montreal began playing it a month later after the single's release. It peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100, making it his third highest peak on the chart as the primary artist. Lil Wayne performed the song at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards, and it received a nomination for "Best Video with a Message" at the 2012 MTV Video Music Awards.

Title: Mirror (Lil Wayne song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mirror_(Lil_Wayne_song)
Excerpt: "Mirror" is a song by American rapper Lil Wayne featuring American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars. The second bonus track on the deluxe edition of Tha Carter IV (2011), was released to urban contemporary radio stations as the sixth and final single on September 13, 2011, through Young Money, Cash Money, and Universal Republic Records. The artists wrote the song alongside Phillip Lawrence and producer Ramon "REO" Owen of the Soundkillers, with co-production from the Smeezingtons. The song was produced three years before its release. Owen, with Mike Caren's help, was able to get the track to several rappers, who rejected it. Lil Wayne liked the song after hearing it, however, and his verses were added to Mars's hook vocals already on the track.
Music critics gave "Mirror" positive reviews praising it for Mars's smooth, epic hook and Wayne's introspective verses. The hip-hop and rap ballad has been compared in its composition to "Lighters" (2011) by Bad Meets Evil featuring Mars and lyrically to Wayne's single "How to Love" (2011) from the same album. Its lyrics describe the downfalls of life, as well as Wayne's upbringing, state of mind, past choices and personal life. "Mirror" debuted at number 16 on the Billboard Hot 100 and peaked in the top 20 of Belgium (Flanders) Denmark, Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It has been certified four times platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA), double platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) and Pro-Música Brasil (PMB).
Antoine Fuqua directed the accompanying music video, filmed in November 2011, with visual effects created by GloriaFX. It depicts Wayne throwing red, black and white paint on the walls of a room creating an undefined painting, while Mars sings on top of a ladder. The video ends with a scene showing a painting of Wayne, toned in red, crucified on a giant treble clef holding a mic in his left hand. Critics complimented its aesthetics. Wayne performed the song during his tour in Australia.

Title: Funeral (Lil Wayne album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Funeral_(Lil_Wayne_album)
Excerpt: Funeral is the thirteenth studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne. It was released on January 31, 2020, by Young Money Entertainment and UMG Recordings. It features guest appearances from Big Sean, Lil Baby, Jay Rock, Adam Levine, 2 Chainz, Takeoff, The-Dream, Lil Twist, O.T. Genasis and the late XXXTentacion. On May 29, a deluxe edition of the album was released with guest appearances from Doja Cat, Tory Lanez, Lil Uzi Vert, Benny the Butcher, Conway the Machine, and Jessie Reyez.
Its lead single, "I Do It", featuring Big Sean and Lil Baby, was released concurrently with the album.
"Shimmy", featuring Doja Cat, was sent to rhythmic contemporary radio on July 28, 2020, as the album's second single.
The album debuted at number one on the US Billboard 200, while charting moderately in other territories. It was relatively overlooked by professional review outlets, although several critics were somewhat positive in appraising the album.