Title: Tar-Baby
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar-Baby
Excerpt: The Tar-Baby is the second of the Uncle Remus stories published in 1881; it is about a doll made of tar and turpentine used by the villainous Br'er Fox to entrap Br'er Rabbit. The more that Br'er Rabbit fights the Tar-Baby, the more entangled he becomes.
The phrase "tar baby" has acquired idiomatic meanings over the years, including a negative racial connotation.

Title: Tar Baby (novel)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar_Baby_(novel)
Excerpt: Tar Baby is a 1981 novel by the American author Toni Morrison, her fourth to be published.

Title: Promise (Sade album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Promise_(Sade_album)
Excerpt: Promise is the second studio album by English band Sade, released in the United Kingdom on 4 November 1985 by Epic Records and in the United States on 15 November 1985 by Portrait Records. Recording for the album began in February and lasted until August 1985. The band co-produced the album with the same team of producers they worked with on their debut album, Diamond Life, including Robin Millar, Mike Pela and Ben Rogan. The album's title comes from a letter from Sade Adu's father where he refers to the "promise of hope" to recover from cancer.
The album was a commercial success, peaking at number one on both the UK Albums Chart and the US Billboard 200, becoming the band's first album to top both charts. It also reached number one in Finland, the Netherlands and Switzerland, and the top five in numerous countries, including Canada, Germany and New Zealand. The album spawned three singles, including "The Sweetest Taboo", which became a success worldwide.

Title: Tar Baby option
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar_Baby_option
Excerpt: "Tar Baby" was the name given by the United States State Department to Richard Nixon's policy during the late 1960s and 1970s of strengthening contacts with the white-minority governments in Rhodesia and apartheid-era South Africa. The allusion was to the Uncle Remus story in which Brer Fox tries to capture Brer Rabbit by making a tar baby. Brer Rabbit strikes the tar "baby" with his hands, feet, and head and eventually becomes completely adhered to it. The policy option, described as a partial relaxation of economic action against Rhodesia and South Africa, and derived from NSSM: 39, was based on the presumption that apartheid and colonial rule were an unpleasant but undeniable reality and that Washington should accommodate itself pragmatically to the status quo. According to Nixon, if the United States was to be an influence for enlightened change it must do so by offering the "carrot" and eschewing the "stick". This policy would have to be pursued ad infinitum to get it to work.

Title: Tar Baby (disambiguation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tar_Baby_(disambiguation)
Excerpt: Tar-Baby is a doll made of tar from the second of the Uncle Remus stories.
Tar Baby may also refer to:

Tar Baby (novel), a 1981 novel by Toni Morrison
Tar Baby (comics), a Marvel Comics character
"Tar Baby", a song on the 1985 album Promise by English band Sade
Tar Baby Option, the United States State Department name for President Richard Nixon's policy during the late 1960s and early 1970s of strengthening contacts with the white-minority governments in southern Africa