Title: Silverchair
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Silverchair
Excerpt: Silverchair were an Australian rock band, which formed in 1992 as Innocent Criminals in Newcastle, New South Wales, with Daniel Johns on vocals and guitars, Ben Gillies on drums, and Chris Joannou on bass guitar. The group got their big break in mid-1994 when they won a national demo competition conducted by SBS TV show Nomad and ABC radio station Triple J. The band was signed by Murmur and were successful in Australia and internationally. Silverchair has sold over 10 million albums worldwide.
Silverchair have won more ARIA Music Awards than any other group in history, earning 21 wins from 49 nominations. They also received six APRA Awards, with Johns winning three songwriting awards in 2008. All five of their studio albums debuted at number one on the ARIA Albums Chart: Frogstomp (1995), Freak Show (1997), Neon Ballroom (1999), Diorama (2002), and Young Modern (2007). Three singles reached the number-one slot on the related ARIA Singles Chart: "Tomorrow" (1994), "Freak" (1997), and "Straight Lines" (2007).
Silverchair's alternative rock sound evolved throughout their career, with differing styles on specific albums growing more ambitious over the years, from grunge on their first two albums to later works displaying orchestral and art rock influences. Writers at 106.3 The Buzz consider Silverchair one of the "Big Four" of post-grunge. The songwriting and singing of Johns had evolved steadily while the band had developed an increased element of complexity.
In 2003, following the release of Diorama the previous year, Silverchair went on hiatus. The band reunited at the 2005 Wave Aid concerts; released their fifth album, Young Modern, in 2007; and played the Across the Great Divide tour with contemporaries Powderfinger. In May 2011, Silverchair announced an indefinite hiatus.

Title: Sneakernight
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sneakernight
Excerpt: "Sneakernight" is a song recorded by American singer Vanessa Hudgens. Produced by J. R. Rotem, it was released on digital platforms on 27 May 2008. The song and its accompanying music video were used for an Ecko Unlimited commercial. While the song was originally released to mixed reviews, several viral trends in the years since have prompted resurgences.

Title: List of works by Stuart Price
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_works_by_Stuart_Price
Excerpt: Stuart Price (born 9 September 1977) is a three-time Grammy-winning British electronic musician, songwriter, and record producer known for his work with artists including Madonna, The Killers, New Order, Kylie Minogue, Example, Take That, Missy Elliott, Scissor Sisters, Pet Shop Boys, Brandon Flowers, Gwen Stefani, Seal, Keane, Frankmusik, Hard-Fi, Hurts, Everything Everything and Darin. His acts include British electronic pop/rock band Zoot Woman (with Adam Blake and Johnny Blake), Les Rythmes Digitales, Paper Faces, Man With Guitar, Thin White Duke (not to be confused with David Bowie's earlier persona of the same name), and the parodic French moniker Jacques Lu Cont (though he actually grew up in Reading, England). Price receives songwriting or production credit for the following songs:

Title: Spring Day (song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spring_Day_(song)
Excerpt: "Spring Day"  (Korean: 봄날; RR: Bomnal) is a song recorded by South Korean boy band BTS for their 2017 album You Never Walk Alone, a repackage of their second Korean-language studio album, Wings (2016). The song was written by "Hitman" Bang, RM, Adora, Arlissa Ruppert, Peter Ibsen, Suga, and its producer Pdogg. It was released for digital download and streaming on February 13, 2017, as the album's lead single by Big Hit Entertainment. A remix of the song was subsequently released for free via SoundCloud on June 4, 2018. A Japanese version of the song was issued on May 10, 2017, through Universal Music Japan, as a B-side of the single album that included the tracks "Blood Sweat & Tears" and "Not Today", both also in Japanese. The song is an alternative hip hop and pop rock power ballad, which relies on rock instrumentation. The lyrics revolve around the themes of loss, longing, grief, and moving on.
The song received universal acclaim from music critics, who praised its production, sentimental lyrics and BTS' vocal delivery. "Spring Day" received several accolades, including Song of the Year at the 2017 Melon Music Awards, and appeared on the decade-end list of best K-pop songs by Billboard. Rolling Stone named it one of the greatest boy band songs of all time. Commercially, the song was a success in South Korea debuting at number one on the Gaon Digital Chart, and it has since sold over 2.5 million copies in the country. The song also peaked at number 15 on the US Billboard Bubbling Under Hot 100.
The music video for the song was directed by YongSeok Choi and premiered on February 12, 2017. Inspired by Ursula K. Le Guin's short story "The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas" (1973) and Bong Joon-ho's movie Snowpiercer (2013), the video explores the concepts of death, afterlife and closure. The visual was acclaimed by critics for its heavy symbolism and was awarded Best Music Video at the 2017 Mnet Asian Music Awards. BTS promoted "Spring Day" with televised live performances on various South Korean music programs, including M! Countdown, Music Bank, and Inkigayo.  The song was also included on the set list of the band's second worldwide concert tour, The Wings Tour (2017).

Title: Jim McBride (songwriter)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_McBride_(songwriter)
Excerpt: Jimmy Ray McBride (April 28, 1947 – January 7, 2026) was an American country music songwriter. He has written five number one songs, ten top 10 singles, and eighteen top 40 singles. In 2017, McBride was inducted into the Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame.
McBride's songs have been recorded by more than eighty major artists, including Alabama, Trace Adkins, Johnny Cash, Tammy Cochran, Diamond Rio, Crystal Gayle, Vern Gosdin, Jack Greene, Wade Hayes, Waylon Jennings, George Jones, Toby Keith, Kris Kristofferson, Johnny Lee,  Jerry Lee Lewis, Lonestar, Reba McEntire, Willie Nelson, the Oak Ridge Boys, Johnny Paycheck, Charley Pride, Pam Tillis, Randy Travis, Conway Twitty, and Keith Whitley.
His most successful collaboration was with Alan Jackson, resulting in the five Top 20 singles and the chart-topping songs "Chasing That Neon Rainbow", "(Who Says) You Can’t Have It All", and "Someday". Their song "Chattahoochee" was selected as song of the year by ASCAP, American Songwriter, and the Country Music Association.