Title: Ford Escort (Europe)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ford_Escort_(Europe)
Excerpt: The Ford Escort is a small family car that was manufactured by Ford of Europe from 1968 until 2004. In total, the six generations were spread across three basic platforms: the original, rear-wheel-drive Mk.1/Mk.2 (1968–1980), the "Erika" front-wheel-drive Mk.3/Mk.4 (1980–1992), and the final CE-14 Mk.5/Mk.6 (1990–2002) version. Its successor, the Ford Focus, was released in 1998, but the final generation of Escort was phased out gradually, with the panel van version ending production in 2002 in favour of the Ford Transit Connect.
The Escort was frequently the best-selling car in Britain during the 1980s and 1990s. More than 4.1 million Escorts of all generations were sold there over a period of 33 years.
In 2014, Ford revived the Escort name for a car based on the second-generation Ford Focus, sold in the Chinese market.

Title: Nikhil Nanda
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikhil_Nanda
Excerpt: Nikhil Nanda (born 18 March 1973) is an Indian businessman, currently serving as the Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of Escorts Kubota Limited (formerly Escorts Limited), an Indian multinational engineering conglomerate that specialises in agricultural and construction equipment and machinery. He is a third-generation entrepreneur, being the grandson of Har Prasad Nanda, who founded the company in 1944, and son of Rajan Nanda, who served as the CMD of the group until August 2018.

Title: Yamaha RX 100
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yamaha_RX_100
Excerpt: The Yamaha RX 100 was a two-stroke motorcycle made by Yamaha from 1985 to 1996 with technical collaboration and distributed in India by the Escorts Group. The RX100 was known for its agility and acceleration. At the initial stage, Yamaha Japan was exporting all bikes from Japan to India. After 1990, Escorts started production in India, with some parts being imported from Japan.

Title: Escorts Kubota Limited
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Escorts_Kubota_Limited
Excerpt: Escorts Kubota Limited, formerly Escorts Limited, is an Indian multinational conglomerate that operates in the sectors of agricultural machinery, construction machinery, material handling, and railway equipment. Its headquarters are located in Faridabad, Haryana. The company was launched in 1944 and has marketing operations in more than 40 countries. Escorts manufactures tractors, automotive components, railway equipment, and construction and material handling equipment.
Escorts Kubota Limited's management team includes Nikhil Nanda as the Chairman and Managing Director and Seizi Fukuoka as Deputy Managing Director.

Title: Fortis Healthcare
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortis_Healthcare
Excerpt: Fortis Healthcare Limited is an Indian for-profit private hospital network headquartered in Gurgaon. 
The Fortis Memorial Research Institute (FMRI) in Gurgaon serves as the headquarters for Fortis Healthcare. In addition to its Gurgaon facility, Fortis Healthcare operates hospitals in the Delhi NCR, including locations in Faridabad, Noida, Vasant Kunj, and Shalimar Bagh, along with other facilities across India, Dubai, and Sri Lanka. The company currently manages 36 healthcare facilities.