Title: Napoleon
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Napoleon
Excerpt: Napoleon Bonaparte (born Napoleone di Buonaparte; 15 August 1769 – 5 May 1821), later known by his regnal name Napoleon I, was Emperor of the French from 18 May 1804 until his first abdication in 1814, with a brief restoration during the Hundred Days in 1815. He rose to prominence as a general during the French Revolution and led a series of military campaigns across Europe and the Middle East during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars. As a statesman, he implemented numerous legal and administrative reforms in France and Europe.
Born on the island of Corsica to a family of Italian origin, Napoleon moved to mainland France in 1779 and was commissioned as an officer in the French Royal Army in 1785. He supported the French Revolution in 1789 and promoted its cause in Corsica. He rose rapidly through the ranks after winning the siege of Toulon in 1793 and defeating royalist insurgents in Paris on 13 Vendémiaire in 1795. In 1796 he commanded a military campaign against the Austrians and their Italian allies in the War of the First Coalition, scoring decisive victories and becoming a national hero. He led an invasion of Egypt and Syria in 1798, which served as a springboard for his rise to political power. In November 1799 Napoleon engineered the Coup of 18 Brumaire against the French Directory and became First Consul of the Republic. He won the Battle of Marengo in 1800, which secured France's victory in the War of the Second Coalition, and in 1803 he sold the territory of Louisiana to the United States. In December 1804 Napoleon crowned himself Emperor of the French, further consolidating his power.
The breakdown of the Treaty of Amiens led to the War of the Third Coalition by 1805. Napoleon shattered the coalition with a decisive victory at the Battle of Austerlitz, which led to the dissolution of the Holy Roman Empire. In the War of the Fourth Coalition, Napoleon defeated Prussia at the Battle of Jena–Auerstedt in 1806, marched his Grande Armée into Eastern Europe, and defeated the Russians in 1807 at the Battle of Friedland. Seeking to extend his trade embargo against Britain, Napoleon invaded the Iberian Peninsula and installed his brother Joseph as King of Spain in 1808, provoking the Peninsular War. In 1809 the Austrians again challenged France in the War of the Fifth Coalition, during which Napoleon consolidated his dominance over Europe after winning the Battle of Wagram. In the summer of 1812 he launched an invasion of Russia. After forcing the Russians to abandon Moscow following the Battle of Borodino, Napoleon briefly occupied the city before conducting a catastrophic retreat of his army that winter. In 1813 Prussia and Austria joined Russia in the War of the Sixth Coalition, in which Napoleon was decisively defeated at the Battle of Leipzig. The coalition invaded France and captured Paris, forcing Napoleon to abdicate in April 1814. He was exiled to the Mediterranean island of Elba and the House of Bourbons was restored to power. Ten months later Napoleon escaped from Elba with around a thousand men and marched on Paris, reclaiming control of the country. His opponents responded by forming a Seventh Coalition, which defeated him at the Battle of Waterloo in June 1815. Napoleon was exiled to the remote island of Saint Helena in the South Atlantic, where he died of stomach cancer in 1821, aged 51.
Since his death, Napoleon has maintained a prominent place in historical research and popular culture. He is considered one of the greatest military commanders in history, and Napoleonic tactics are still studied at military schools worldwide. His legacy endures through the legal and administrative reforms he enacted in France and Western Europe, most notably the Napoleonic Code. He established a system of public education, abolished the vestiges of feudalism, emancipated Jews and other religious minorities, abolished the Spanish Inquisition, enacted the principle of equality before the law for an emerging middle class, and centralized state power at the expense of religious authorities. His conquests also acted as a catalyst for political change and the development of nation-states. However, he remains controversial because of his role in wars that devastated Europe, his looting of conquered territories, and his mixed record on civil rights. He abolished the free press, ended directly elected representative government, exiled and imprisoned critics of his regime, reinstated slavery in French colonies, banned the entry of black people and mulattos into France, reduced the civil rights of women and children, reintroduced a hereditary monarchy and nobility, and violently repressed popular uprisings against his rule.

Title: James Bryce, 1st Viscount Bryce
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/James_Bryce,_1st_Viscount_Bryce
Excerpt: James Bryce, 1st Viscount Bryce,  (10 May 1838 – 22 January 1922), was a British academic, jurist, historian, diplomat, and Liberal politician. He was a widely traveled authority on law, government, and history whose expertise led to high political offices, culminating with his successful role as ambassador to the United States from 1907 to 1913. He entered the House of Commons in 1880, successively representing the constituencies of Tower Hamlets and South Aberdeen for the Liberal Party until 1907. His intellectual influence was greatest in The American Commonwealth (1888), an in-depth study of American politics that shaped public understanding of America in Britain and in the United States. In 1895, he chaired the Royal Commission on Secondary Education. Bryce was President of the Board of Trade, British envoy and ambassador to the United States; historian  H.A.L. Fisher described him  as  "the most successful ambassador who has ever represented Great Britain at Washington".

Title: John Adams
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Adams
Excerpt: John Adams (October 30, 1735 – July 4, 1826) was a Founding Father and the second president of the United States from 1797 to 1801. Before his presidency, he was a leader of the American Revolution that achieved independence from Great Britain. During the latter part of the Revolutionary War and in the early years of the new nation, he served the Continental Congress of the United States as a senior diplomat in Europe. Adams was the first vice president of the United States, serving from 1789 to 1797. He was a dedicated diarist and regularly corresponded with contemporaries, including his wife and advisor Abigail Adams and his friend and rival Thomas Jefferson.
A lawyer and political activist prior to the Revolution, Adams was devoted to the right to counsel and presumption of innocence. He defied anti-British sentiment and successfully defended British soldiers against murder charges arising from the Boston Massacre. Adams was a Massachusetts delegate to the Continental Congress and became a leader of the revolution. He assisted Jefferson in drafting the Declaration of Independence in 1776 and was its primary advocate in Congress. As a diplomat, he represented the United States in France and the Netherlands during the war. He helped negotiate the peace treaty with Great Britain, secured Dutch loans for the American government, and was the first United States ambassador to Great Britain. Adams was the primary author of the Massachusetts Constitution in 1780, which, with his other political writings, influenced the United States Constitution.
Adams was elected to two terms as vice president under President George Washington and was elected as the United States' second president in 1796 under the banner of the Federalist Party. Adams's term was dominated by the issue of the French Revolutionary Wars, and his insistence on American neutrality led to fierce criticism from both the Jeffersonian Republicans and from some in his own party, led by his rival Alexander Hamilton. Adams signed the controversial Alien and Sedition Acts and built up the Army and Navy in an undeclared naval war with France. He was the first president to reside in the White House.
In his 1800 bid for reelection to the presidency, opposition from Federalists and accusations of despotism from Jeffersonians led to Adams losing to his vice president and former friend, Thomas Jefferson. After his defeat, he retired to Massachusetts. He eventually resumed his friendship with Jefferson by initiating a continuing correspondence. John Adams died on July 4, 1826 – the fiftieth anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of Independence. The Adams political family included his son John Quincy Adams, the sixth president. Adams and his son are the only presidents of the first twelve who never owned slaves. Most historians have favorably ranked his administration.

Title: António de Oliveira Salazar
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ant%C3%B3nio_de_Oliveira_Salazar
Excerpt: António de Oliveira Salazar (28 April 1889 – 27 July 1970) was a Portuguese dictator, academic, and economist who served as the Prime Minister of Portugal from 1932 to 1968. Having come to power under the Ditadura Nacional ("National Dictatorship"), he reframed the regime as the corporatist Estado Novo ("New State"), with himself as dictator. The regime he created lasted until 1974, making it one of the longest-lived authoritarian dictatorships in modern Europe.
A political economy professor at the University of Coimbra, Salazar entered public life as finance minister with the support of President Óscar Carmona after the 28 May 1926 coup d'état. The military of 1926 saw themselves as the guardians of the nation in the wake of the instability and perceived failure of the First Republic, but they lacked the means to address the critical challenges of the hour. Armed with broad powers to restructure state finances, within one year Salazar balanced the budget and stabilised Portugal's currency, producing the first of many budgetary surpluses. Amidst a period when authoritarian regimes elsewhere in Europe were merging political power with militarism, and leaders were adopting military titles and uniforms, Salazar enforced strict separation of the armed forces from politics. Salazar's aim was the de-politicisation of society, rather than the mobilisation of the populace.
Opposed to democracy, communism, socialism, syndicalism and liberalism, Salazar's rule was conservative, corporatist and Portuguese nationalist in nature; it was also opposed to capitalism, which it regarded as plutocratic in nature. Salazar distanced himself from Nazism and fascism, which he described as a "pagan Caesarism" that did not recognise legal, religious or moral limits. Throughout his life Salazar avoided populist rhetoric. He was generally opposed to the concept of political parties when, in 1930, he created the National Union. Salazar described and promoted the Union as a "non-party", and proclaimed that the National Union would be the antithesis of a political party. He promoted Catholicism but argued that the role of the Church was social, not political, and negotiated the Concordat of 1940 that kept the church at arm's length. One of the mottos of the Salazar regime was Deus, Pátria e Família ("God, Fatherland and Family"), although Catholicism was never the state religion. The doctrine of pluricontinentalism was the basis of Salazar's territorial policy, a conception of the Portuguese Empire as a unified state that spanned multiple continents. From the 1950s onward, during the later phase of Salazar’s rule, Portugal recorded sustained growth in GDP per capita and a decline in illiteracy. By the end of the Estado Novo in 1974, Portugal still had the lowest per capita income and the lowest literacy rate in Western Europe.
Salazar supported Francisco Franco in the Spanish Civil War and played a key role in keeping Portugal neutral during World War II, providing aid and assistance to the Allies, but also becoming the second  receiver of Nazi gold. Despite being a dictatorship, Portugal under his rule took part in the founding of some international organisations. The country was one of the 12 founding members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) in 1949, joined the European Payments Union in 1950, and was one of the founding members of the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) in 1960; it was also a founding member of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development in 1961. Under his rule, Portugal also became a member of the United Nations in 1955 and joined the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade in 1961. The Portuguese Colonial War broke out in 1961, leading to the independence of Angola, Guinea-Bissau and Mozambique in 1974. The annexation of Goa by India also occurred in 1961.
With the Estado Novo enabling him to exercise vast political powers, Salazar used censorship and the PIDE secret police to quell opposition. One opposition leader, Humberto Delgado, who openly challenged Salazar's regime in the 1958 presidential election, was first exiled and became involved in several violent actions aimed at overthrowing the regime, including the hijacking of the Portuguese cruise liner Santa Maria and the Beja Revolt ultimately leading to his assassination by the PIDE, in 1965. After Salazar fell into a coma in 1968, President Américo Tomás dismissed him from the position of President of the Council of Ministers. The Estado Novo collapsed during the Carnation Revolution of 1974, four years after Salazar's death.

Title: Jair Bolsonaro
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jair_Bolsonaro
Excerpt: Jair Messias Bolsonaro (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʒaˈiʁ meˈsi.ɐz bowsoˈnaɾu] ; born 21 March 1955) is a Brazilian politician and former military officer who served as the 38th president of Brazil from 2019 to 2023. He previously served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1991 to 2019.
Born in Glicério, São Paulo, Bolsonaro began serving in the Brazilian Army in 1973 and graduated from the Military Academy of Agulhas Negras in 1977. He attracted publicity in 1986, after he wrote an article for Veja magazine criticizing the low wages of military officers, after which he was arrested and detained for fifteen days. He left the army, and was elected to the Municipal Chamber of Rio de Janeiro two years later. In 1990, he was first elected to the Chamber of Deputies as a representative for the state of Rio de Janeiro. During his 27-year tenure as a congressman, he became known for his national conservatism. Bolsonaro entered the 2018 presidential election, during which he began claiming to support economically liberal and pro-market policies. After surviving an assassination attempt on 6 September, he led in the 7 October first-round results and defeated Fernando Haddad in the 28 October runoff.
Bolsonaro focused on domestic affairs in his first months as president, dealing primarily with the fallout of the 2014 Brazilian economic crisis. The economy recovered slowly, while crime rates fell sharply during the first year. He rolled back protections for Indigenous groups in the Amazon rainforest and facilitated its deforestation. Bolsonaro's response to the COVID-19 pandemic in Brazil received significant criticism after he sought to downplay the pandemic and its effects, opposed quarantine measures, and dismissed two health ministers, while the death toll increased rapidly.
A polarizing politician, Bolsonaro has drawn both praise and criticism in Brazil for his views and comments, which have been described as far-right and populist. He is a vocal opponent of same-sex marriage, abortion, affirmative action, drug decriminalization, and state secularism. In foreign policy, he has advocated closer relations with Israel and with the United States; later in his presidency, he also made efforts to improve relations with the BRICS countries.
In the 2022 general election Bolsonaro lost to Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. On 8 January 2023, a mob of Bolsonaro's supporters stormed federal government buildings, calling for a coup d'état. On 30 June, the Superior Electoral Court blocked Bolsonaro from seeking office until 2030 for attempting to undermine the validity of the election through his unfounded claims of voter fraud, and for abusing his power by using government communication channels to both promote his campaign and to allege fraud. Testimony from military officials showed that Bolsonaro had planned a self-coup with the military to keep himself in power.
In November 2024, he was indicted by the Federal Police of Brazil of multiple counts related to the planned coup. He was charged in February 2025, and the Supreme Court ruled he must stand trial. On 4 August 2025, he was placed under house arrest for using a mobile phone and accessing social media via his son Eduardo, violating pre-trial rules. His trial began on 2 September; on 11 September he was found guilty by the Supreme Federal Court and sentenced to 27 years and 3 months in prison. On 22 November 2025, Bolsonaro was arrested by the Federal Police after trying to remove his electronic ankle monitor. On 25 November 2025, the Supreme Court rejected his final appeals, declared the case to have reached res judicata and ordered the beginning of the enforcement of the prison sentence. On 24 March 2026, he was granted 90 days of temporary house arrest due to health issues, which was later extended.