Title: Beauty and the Beast
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Beauty_and_the_Beast
Excerpt: "Beauty and the Beast" is a fairy tale written by the French novelist Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve and published anonymously in 1740 in La Jeune Américaine et les contes marins (The Young American and Marine Tales).
Villeneuve's original story was abridged, revised, and published by French novelist Jeanne-Marie Leprince de Beaumont in 1756 in Magasin des enfants (Children's Collection) which became the most commonly retold version. Later, Andrew Lang retold the story in Blue Fairy Book, a part of the Fairy Book series, in 1889. The fairy-tale was influenced by the story of Petrus Gonsalvus as well as Ancient Latin stories such as "Cupid and Psyche" from The Golden Ass, written by Lucius Apuleius Madaurensis in the second century AD, and "The Pig King", an Italian fairy-tale published by Giovanni Francesco Straparola in The Facetious Nights of Straparola around 1550.
Variants of the tale are known across Europe. In France, for example, Zémire and Azor is an operatic version of the story, written by Jean-François Marmontel and composed by André Grétry in 1771, which had enormous success into the 19th century. Zémire and Azor is based on the second version of the tale. Amour pour amour (Love for Love) by Pierre-Claude Nivelle de La Chaussée is a 1742 play based on de Villeneuve's version. According to researchers at a university in Lisbon, the historical antecedents of these stories originated about 4,000 years ago.

Title: Chang and Eng Bunker
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chang_and_Eng_Bunker
Excerpt: Chang Bunker (Thai: จัน บังเกอร์) and Eng Bunker (Thai: อิน บังเกอร์) (May 11, 1811 – January 17, 1874) were Siamese-American conjoined twin brothers whose fame propelled the expression "Siamese twins" to become synonymous for conjoined twins in general. They were widely exhibited as curiosities and were "two of the nineteenth century's most studied human beings".
The brothers were born in Siam (later Thailand) to a family of Chinese descent and were brought to the United States in 1829. They became known to American and European audiences in "freak shows". Newspapers and the public were initially sympathetic to them, and within three years, the brothers left the control of their managers, who they thought were cheating them, and toured on their own. In early exhibitions, the brothers were exoticized and displayed their athleticism; they later held conversations in English in a more dignified parlor setting.
In 1839, after a decade of financial success, the twins quit touring and settled near Mount Airy, North Carolina. They became American citizens, bought enslaved people, married local sisters, and fathered 21 children, several of whom accompanied them when they resumed touring. Chang and Eng's respective families lived in separate houses, where the twins took alternating three-day stays. After the Civil War, they lost part of their wealth along with the people they enslaved. Eng died hours after Chang at age 62. An autopsy revealed that their livers were fused in the ligament connecting their sterna.
The novelist Darin Strauss writes, "their conjoined history was a confusion of legend, sideshow hyperbole, and editorial invention even while they lived." Many works have fictionalized the Bunkers' lives, often to symbolize cooperation or discord, notably in representing the Union and Confederacy during the Civil War.

Title: Jang Song-thaek
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jang_Song-thaek
Excerpt: Jang Song-thaek (January or February 1946 – 12 December 2013) was a North Korean politician. He was married to Kim Kyong-hui — the only daughter of North Korean president Kim Il Sung and his first wife Kim Jong Suk, and the only sister of North Korean general secretary Kim Jong Il. He was the uncle of the current leader of North Korea, Kim Jong Un, by marriage.
The extent of Jang Song-thaek's power and position has not been confirmed in the West. However, in 2008 South Korean government officials and academic North Korea experts suggested that he had de facto leadership over North Korea while Kim Jong Il's health was declining and when Kim subsequently died. Jang was a vice-chairman of the National Defence Commission, a position considered second only to that of the supreme leader. He is believed to have been promoted to four-star general around the time of Kim Jong Il's death in December 2011, as his first appearance in uniform was while visiting Kim lying in state. Jang was considered a "key policy adviser" to Kim Jong Un.
In December 2013, Jang was abruptly accused of being a counter-revolutionary and was stripped of all his posts and expelled from the Workers' Party of Korea (WPK). His photos were removed from official media and his image digitally removed from photos with other North Korean leaders. On 13 December, North Korean state media announced he had been executed by firing squad.

Title: Morris Chang
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morris_Chang
Excerpt: Morris Chang Chung-mou (Chinese: 張忠謀; pinyin: Zhāng Zhōngmóu; born July 10, 1931) is a Taiwanese billionaire business executive and electrical engineer. He is the founder of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and was the company's chief executive officer (CEO) from 1987 to 2005, and its chairman until 2018. As of April 2026, Forbes estimates his net worth at US$8.5 billion.
Born in China, Chang lived in Hong Kong and immigrated to the United States. After attending Harvard University, he graduated with three degrees from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and earned his doctorate from Stanford University in 1964. He began his career as a semiconductor engineer first at Sylvania Electric Products, then Texas Instruments, and, in 1984, became the president and chief operating officer of General Instrument.
During the 1980s, Chang moved to Taiwan to serve as head of the Industrial Technology Research Institute (ITRI). In 1987, he founded TSMC, the world's first semiconductor foundry, and is regarded as the founder of Taiwan's semiconductor industry. He pioneered the foundry model of semiconductor fabrication, leading TSMC to become  the largest company in Taiwan and one of the world's largest semiconductor companies. President Tsai Ing-wen awarded him the Order of Propitious Clouds in 2018 and the Order of Dr. Sun Yat-sen in 2024 for his contributions to technology development in Taiwan.

Title: Chang Xu
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chang_Xu
Excerpt: Chang Xu (died 266), courtesy name Xiuye, was an official and scholar of the state of Shu Han in the Three Kingdoms period of China. After the fall of Shu in 263, he continued serving under the Cao Wei state, then the succeeding Jin dynasty in 266.