Title: Kazushi Sakuraba
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kazushi_Sakuraba
Excerpt: Kazushi Sakuraba (Japanese: 桜庭 和志, Sakuraba Kazushi; born July 14, 1969) is a Japanese professional wrestler, submission wrestler and former mixed martial artist. He is performing as a freelancer, primarily appearing for Pro Wrestling Noah, where he was formerly one-half of the former GHC Tag Team Champions with Takashi Sugiura. He has also competed in traditional puroresu for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) and shoot-style competition for UWFi and Kingdom Pro Wrestling (KPW). He has fought in MMA competition in the Ultimate Fighting Championship, Pride Fighting Championships, Hero's, Dream and most recently Rizin Fighting Federation. He is known as the Gracie Hunter or the Gracie Killer due to his wins over four members of the famed Gracie family: Royler Gracie, Renzo Gracie, Ryan Gracie, and Royce Gracie. Sakuraba is famous for beating 15 champions of different top MMA organizations; opponents who were often many weight-classes above him.
Known for his excellent skills in catch wrestling and unorthodox fighting style, he is considered one of the greatest mixed martial art fighters of all time, and holds notable victories over seven UFC champions, three Pancrase Champions, a DREAM champion, a King of the Cage champion and Battlecade Extreme Fighting champion; former Welterweight Champion Carlos Newton, two former Light heavyweight champions Vitor Belfort and Quinton Jackson, former Heavyweight Champion Kevin Randleman, three-time UFC Tournament champion Royce Gracie, former Superfight champion and King of Pancrase Ken Shamrock, former  King of Pancrase Masakatsu Funaki, DREAM Super Hulk Tournament Champion Ikuhisa Minowa, former King of the Cage Light Heavyweight champion Vernon White, and former Battlecade Extreme Fighting champion Marcus Silveira. He is also the first of only two Japanese UFC champions. Sakuraba's Pride fights routinely drew over 20 million viewers in Japan. Sakuraba is the founder of the submission wrestling promotion Quintet, where he has competed since 2018.

Title: Rorion Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rorion_Gracie
Excerpt: Rorion Gracie (Portuguese: [ˈʁɔɾjõ ˈɡɾejsi]; born January 10, 1952) is a Brazilian-born Gracie jiu-jitsu Grand Master, a prominent member of the Gracie family, writer, publisher, producer, lecturer, lawyer and the co-founder of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He is the oldest son of Hélio Gracie and one of the few people in the world to hold a 9th degree red belt in Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu, and is widely recognized as one of the men responsible for introducing Gracie/Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to the United States and the world. He was inducted into the Martial Arts History Museum Hall of Fame in 2009.

Title: Rener Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rener_Gracie
Excerpt: Rener Gracie (born November 10, 1983) is an American-Brazilian entrepreneur, Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ) black belt instructor and coach.
One of the most recognizable figures in modern Brazilian jiu-jitsu, Gracie is a coach who has helped develop top UFC competitors such as Ronda Rousey, Brian Ortega, Brendan Schaub, Javier Vazquez and Lyoto Machida as well as WWE wrestler CM Punk and pro boxer Ryan Garcia. Additionally, he has also trained celebrities including Vince Vaughn and Travis Barker.
As co-owner with his brother Ryron Gracie, and head instructor at the Gracie University of jiu-jitsu headquartered in Torrance, California, Gracie is known for his initiatives training police officers in jiu-jitsu based self-defense and his advocacy calling for a nationwide police reform. His Gracie Survival Tactics (GST) curriculum is the first to be recognized in California as approved for law enforcement.
Rener and his brother have attracted controversy since opening their school, Gracie University, for sexual harassment, abuse allegations, and predatory business practices.
An inventor and entrepreneur, Gracie founded Quikflip, a garment converting into a backpack, which was featured on ABC's Shark Tank and named as one of Time Magazine 2019 best inventions.

Title: Gordon Ryan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gordon_Ryan
Excerpt: Gordon Ryan (born July 8, 1995) is a retired American submission wrestler and Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt, considered by many to be the greatest no–gi grappler of all time due to his many accomplishments. 
Ryan is a seven-time ADCC Submission wrestling world champion, three-time IBJJF No-Gi World champion and a four-time Eddie Bravo Invitational champion.