Title: Dinosaur (2000 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dinosaur_(2000_film)
Excerpt: Dinosaur is a 2000 American animated adventure film directed by Ralph Zondag and Eric Leighton and written by John Harrison, Robert Nelson Jacobs, and Walon Green. Produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and The Secret Lab, the live-action animated film stars the voices of D. B. Sweeney, Alfre Woodard, Ossie Davis, Max Casella, Hayden Panettiere, Samuel E. Wright, Julianna Margulies, Peter Siragusa, Joan Plowright, and Della Reese. The film follows a young Iguanodon (Sweeney) who was adopted and raised by a family of lemurs on a tropical island. They are forced to the mainland by a catastrophic meteorite impact; setting out to find a new home, they join a herd of dinosaurs heading for the "Nesting Grounds", but must contend with the group's harsh leader, as well as external dangers such as predatory Carnotaurus.
The initial idea was conceived in 1986 by Phil Tippett and Paul Verhoeven, which they conceived as a darker, naturalistic film about dinosaurs. The project underwent numerous iterations with multiple directors attached. In 1994, Walt Disney Feature Animation began development on the project and spent several years developing the software to create the dinosaurs. While the characters in Dinosaur are computer-generated, most of the backgrounds are live-action and were filmed on location. A number of backgrounds were found in various continents such as the Americas and Asia; various tepuis and Angel Falls also appear in the film. With a budget of $127.5 million, Dinosaur was reportedly the most expensive computer-animated film at the time. Dinosaur is also the first film from Walt Disney Feature Animation to be 3D animated.
Dinosaur was released on May 19, 2000, to mixed reviews from critics, who praised the film's opening sequence, soundtrack and animation, but criticized the story, screenplay and lack of originality. The film grossed $349.8 million worldwide, becoming the fifth highest-grossing film of 2000. It became the fourth best-selling home video release of 2001, selling 10.6 million copies and garnering $198 million in sales.

Title: List of Walt Disney Pictures films
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Walt_Disney_Pictures_films
Excerpt: This is a list of films produced by and released under the Walt Disney Pictures banner (known as that since 1983, with Never Cry Wolf as its first release) and films released before that under the former name of the parent company, Walt Disney Productions (1929–1983). Most films listed here were distributed theatrically in the United States by the company's distribution division, Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, formerly known as Buena Vista Film Distribution Company (1953–1960), Buena Vista Distribution Company (1960–1987) and Buena Vista Pictures Distribution (1987–2007). The Disney features produced before The Living Desert (1953) were originally distributed by United Artists and RKO Radio Pictures, and are now distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Some films produced by Walt Disney Pictures are also released through the parent company's streaming service, Disney+.
This list is organized by release date and includes live-action feature films (including theatrical, direct-to-video and streaming releases), animated feature films (including films developed and produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and Pixar Animation Studios) and documentary films (including titles from the True-Life Adventures series and films produced by the Disneynature label). For an exclusive list of animated films released by Walt Disney Pictures and its previous entities see List of Disney theatrical animated feature films and List of Disney feature-length home entertainment releases § Animated films.
This list is only for films released under the main Disney banner. It does not include films produced or released by other existing, defunct or divested labels or subsidiaries owned by Walt Disney Studios (i.e. Marvel Studios, Lucasfilm, 20th Century Studios, Searchlight Pictures, Fox 2000 Pictures, Touchstone Pictures, Hollywood Pictures, National Geographic Documentary Films, Miramax Films, Dimension Films, ESPN Films, etc.) unless they are credited as co-production partners, nor any direct-to-video releases unless they were produced under the main Disney banner, TV films, theatrical re-releases or films originally released by other non-Disney studios.
All films listed are theatrical releases and/or American-based films unless specified.

A ‡ symbol signifies a direct-to-video or streaming release exclusively through Disney+.
A † symbol signifies a premium video on demand release through Disney+.
A § symbol signifies a simultaneous release to theatres and on premium video on demand.
A * symbol signifies a film not produced in the United States, but rather in another country.

Title: Scar (The Lion King)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Scar_(The_Lion_King)
Excerpt: Scar is a fictional character and the main antagonist of Disney's The Lion King franchise. He is introduced in the 1994 animated film as the younger, envious brother of Mufasa, the ruler of the Pride Lands. Originally first in line to the throne, Scar is abruptly replaced by Mufasa's newborn son, Simba. Enraged, he devises a plot to usurp the throne by leading an army of hyenas and betraying both Mufasa and Simba. After killing Mufasa, Scar manipulates Simba into believing he is to blame, prompting Simba to flee into exile.
Created by screenwriters Irene Mecchi, Jonathan Roberts, and Linda Woolverton, and animated by Andreas Deja, Scar is loosely based on King Claudius, the main antagonist in William Shakespeare's Hamlet. His villainy was further inspired by German dictator Adolf Hitler, as well as by lions' natural behavior of pride takeovers. As the character's supervising animator, Deja modeled Scar's appearance on the original voice actor Jeremy Irons, drawing particularly from Irons's performance as Claus von Bülow in Reversal of Fortune. Chiwetel Ejiofor voices the photorealistic version of Scar in the 2019 remake, while Kelvin Harrison Jr. portrays the character in Mufasa: The Lion King.
As a character, Scar has garnered widespread acclaim from film critics, with Irons's vocal performance receiving universal acclaim. However, his violence, dark color palette and allegedly effeminate mannerisms initially sparked mild controversy. Nevertheless, Scar remains celebrated as one of Disney's greatest villains by various media outlets—topping HuffPost's list and ranking within the top ten of similar lists published by Yahoo! Movies, the Orlando Sentinel, E! and CNN. He has also been recognized among the greatest villains in film history by Digital Spy and Entertainment Weekly.

Title: Flynn Rider
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flynn_Rider
Excerpt: Eugene Fitzherbert, known by the alias Flynn Rider, is a fictional character who appears in Walt Disney Animation Studios' animated film Tangled (2010), its short 2012 film Tangled Ever After, and the 2017 television series Rapunzel's Tangled Adventure (previously titled Tangled: The Series). The character is voiced by American actor Zachary Levi, who decided to audition for the role upon learning that he would also be providing the character's singing voice. Levi's duet with singer and co-star Mandy Moore, "I See the Light", would go on to become the actor's first professionally recorded song and musical debut.
Loosely based on the prince in the Brothers Grimm fairy tale "Rapunzel", Flynn is a wanted thief who seeks refuge in Rapunzel's tower after stealing a crown. Blackmailed by Rapunzel into taking her to see the kingdom's floating lanterns in time for her eighteenth birthday, Flynn undergoes a change of heart as he gradually begins to fall in love with Rapunzel. Flynn was created by screenwriter Dan Fogelman and directors Nathan Greno and Byron Howard because they felt that the incarcerated Rapunzel needed someone to escort her out of the tower. He was conceived as a thief as opposed to a traditional prince in favor of making him a funnier and edgier character. Originally written as a British farmer, Flynn was ultimately developed into a swashbuckling thief inspired by fictional characters Han Solo and Indiana Jones, and actors Gene Kelly and Errol Flynn; the alias Flynn Rider was named after the latter.
Flynn has divided film critics. While some reviewers enjoyed the character's refreshing humor, rebelliousness and sarcasm in comparison to traditional Disney princes, others found his personality to be annoying and obnoxious, while panning his narration. Additionally, Flynn has also been strongly accused of being a marketing tool exploited by Disney to attract a larger male audience to Tangled. However, both the character's romantic comedy-esque relationship with Rapunzel and Levi's vocal performance have received widespread acclaim.

Title: Elemental (2023 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elemental_(2023_film)
Excerpt: Elemental is a 2023 American animated romantic comedy-drama film directed by Peter Sohn and written by Sohn, John Hoberg, Kat Likkel, and Brenda Hsueh. Produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures, it stars the voices of Leah Lewis, Mamoudou Athie, Ronnie del Carmen, Shila Ommi, Wendi McLendon-Covey, and Catherine O'Hara. Set in a world inhabited by anthropomorphic elements of nature, the story follows fire element Ember Lumen (Lewis) and water element Wade Ripple (Athie), who spend time together in the city while trying to save a convenience store owned by Ember's father, Bernie (Del Carmen).
Development of Elemental began when Sohn pitched the concept to Pixar based on the idea of whether fire and water could ever connect or not. The film draws inspiration from Sohn's youth, growing up as the son of immigrants in New York City during the 1970s, highlighting the city's distinct cultural and ethnic diversity while the story is inspired by romantic films such as Guess Who's Coming to Dinner (1967), Moonstruck (1987), and Amélie (2001). The production team conducted research by spending many hours watching point-of-view city tours on YouTube like Venice and Amsterdam for inspiration. Animation tools were utilized to design the visual effects and appearance of each character, particularly its main characters. Production on Elemental lasted for seven years, both in the studio and at the filmmakers' homes, on an estimated $200 million budget. Thomas Newman composed the score, and Lauv wrote and performed the song "Steal the Show". The film is dedicated to Pixar animators Ralph Eggleston, Amber Martorelli, J. Garrett Sheldrew, and film editor Thomas Gonzales, all of whom died in 2022.
Elemental debuted out of competition as the closing film at the 76th Cannes Film Festival on May 27, 2023, and was released in the United States on June 16 in RealD 3D, 4DX, and Dolby Cinema formats. The film initially opened below projections and was ultimately considered by analysts to be a sleeper hit, grossing $496.4 million worldwide. It was nominated for several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and the Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film.