Title: Song of the South
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_of_the_South
Excerpt: Song of the South is a 1946 American  musical film directed by Harve Foster and Wilfred Jackson, produced by Walt Disney, and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the Uncle Remus stories as adapted by Joel Chandler Harris, stars James Baskett in his final film role, and features the voices of Johnny Lee, Baskett, and Nick Stewart. The live-action/animated film takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia during the Reconstruction era, a period of American history after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery. The story follows seven-year-old Johnny (Bobby Driscoll) who is visiting his grandmother's (Lucile Watson) plantation for an extended stay. Johnny befriends Uncle Remus (Baskett), an elderly worker on the plantation, and takes joy in hearing his tales about the adventures of Br'er Rabbit (Lee), Br'er Fox, and Br'er Bear (Baskett and Stewart). Johnny learns from the stories how to cope with the challenges he is experiencing while living on the plantation.
Walt Disney had wanted to produce a film based on the Uncle Remus stories for some time. In 1939, he began negotiating with the Harris family for the film rights, and in 1944, filming for Song of the South began. The studio constructed a plantation set, for the outdoor scenes, in Phoenix, Arizona, while other scenes were filmed in Hollywood. The film is predominantly live action, but includes three animated segments, which were later released as stand-alone television features. Some scenes also feature a combination of live action with animation. Song of the South premiered in Atlanta in November 1946 and the remainder of its initial theater run was a financial success. The song  "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" won the 1947 Academy Award for Best Original Song and Baskett received an Academy Honorary Award for his performance as Uncle Remus.
Since its initial release the film has attracted controversy, with critics characterizing its portrayal of African Americans and plantation life as racist. As a result of the film's controversial legacy, Disney has not released Song of the South on any home video format in the United States, and the film has never been available on its streaming platform Disney+. Some of the musical and animated sequences have been released through other means, and the full film has seen home video distribution in other countries. The cartoon characters from the film continued to appear in a variety of books, comics, and other Disney media for many decades after the film's release. The theme park ride Splash Mountain, located at Tokyo Disneyland and formerly located at Disneyland and Magic Kingdom, is based on the film's animated sequences.

Title: The Three Caballeros
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Three_Caballeros
Excerpt: The Three Caballeros is a 1944 American musical anthology film produced by Walt Disney and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The live-action/animated film premiered in Mexico City on December 21, 1944, and was released in the United States on February 3, 1945. It was later released in the United Kingdom in March 1945.
The film celebrates the tenth anniversary of Donald Duck and follows his journey through Latin America, combining live-action with traditional animation. It is the second of the six package films released by Walt Disney Productions during the 1940s, following Saludos Amigos (1942), and is one of the earliest feature films to blend live-action and animation.
The narrative is presented through a series of self-contained segments, linked by the framing device of Donald receiving birthday gifts from his Latin American friends. Featured performers include Aurora Miranda (sister of Carmen Miranda), Dora Luz, and Carmen Molina.
The film was developed as part of the studio's contribution to the U.S. Good Neighbor policy toward Latin America during World War II. Donald is joined by returning character José Carioca from Brazil and a new companion, the pistol-toting rooster Panchito Pistoles from Mexico.

Title: The Banana Splits
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Banana_Splits
Excerpt: The Banana Splits is an American children's television variety show produced by Hanna-Barbera Productions and featuring the Banana Splits, a fictional rock band composed of four costumed animal characters in red helmets with yellow crests. The costumed hosts are Fleegle (guitar, vocals), Bingo (drums, vocals), Drooper (bass, vocals), and Snorky (keyboards, effects).
The series ran for 31 episodes on NBC on Saturday mornings from September 7, 1968, to September 5, 1970, and in syndication from 1970 to 1982. The show features the Banana Splits band as live-action costumed characters, who host both live-action and animated segments within their program. The costumes were constructed by Sid and Marty Krofft from designs by Hanna-Barbera artists, and the series' sponsor was Kellogg's Cereals.
A feature-length comedy horror film adaptation, The Banana Splits Movie, premiered at San Diego Comic-Con on July 18, 2019, and was released worldwide on August 13, 2019.

Title: Pinky and the Brain
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pinky_and_the_Brain
Excerpt: Pinky and the Brain is an American animated television series created by Tom Ruegger for the Kids' WB programming block of The WB, as a collaboration with Steven Spielberg and his production company Amblin Entertainment, and Warner Bros. Television Animation. This was the first animated television series to ever be presented in Dolby Surround. The characters first appeared in 1993 as a recurring segment on the animated television series Animaniacs. It was later spun off as a series due to its popularity, with 65 episodes produced. The characters later appeared in the sequel series Pinky, Elmyra & the Brain, and later returned to their roots as an Animaniacs segment in the 2020 revival of that series.

Title: Live-action animation
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Live-action_animation
Excerpt: Live-action animation is a film genre that combines live-action filmmaking with animation. Films that use live action with traditional animation tend to use hand-drawn or stop-motion animation. Projects that use both live action and computer animation tend to use motion capture to translate performances by living actors into computer-generated imagery.