Title: Glenn Ford
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glenn_Ford
Excerpt: Gwyllyn Samuel Newton Ford (May 1, 1916 – August 30, 2006), known as Glenn Ford, was a Canadian-born American actor. He was most prominent during Hollywood's Golden Age as one of the biggest box-office draws of the 1940s, 1950s, and 1960s, and had a career that lasted more than 50 years.
Ford often portrayed ordinary men in unusual circumstances. Although he starred in many genres of film, some of his most significant roles were in the films noir Gilda (1946) and The Big Heat (1953), and the high-school drama Blackboard Jungle (1955). For comedies and Westerns, though, he received acting laurels, including three Golden Globe Award nominations for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy, winning for Pocketful of Miracles (1961). He also played a supporting role as Superman's mild-mannered  alter ego Clark Kent's adoptive farmer father, Jonathan Kent, in the first film of the franchise series Superman (1978).
Five of his films have been selected for the National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically or aesthetically" significant: Gilda (1946), The Big Heat (1953), Blackboard Jungle (1955), 3:10 to Yuma (1957), and Superman (1978).

Title: List of fictional actors
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_fictional_actors
Excerpt: Fictional stories sometimes feature a fictional movie or play. In these cases, occasionally, a fictional actor appears. In movies, it is not infrequent that a real, famous actor plays the role of a fictional person who is also an actor.

Title: Yellowface
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellowface
Excerpt: Portrayals of East Asians in American film and theatre has been a subject of controversy. These portrayals have frequently reflected an ethnocentric perception of East Asians rather than realistic and authentic depictions of East Asian cultures, colors, customs, and behaviors.
Yellowface, a form of theatrical makeup used by European-American performers to represent an East Asian person (similar to the practice of blackface used to represent African-American characters), continues to be used in film and theater. In the 21st century alone, Grindhouse (in a trailer parody of the Fu Manchu serials), Balls of Fury, I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry, Crank: High Voltage, and Cloud Atlas all feature yellowface or non-East Asian actors as East Asian caricatures.
American media portrayals of East Asians have reflected a dominant Americentric perception rather than realistic and authentic depictions of true cultures, customs and behaviors. Yellowface relies on stereotypes of East Asians in the United States.

Title: List of Heartland episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Heartland_episodes
Excerpt: Heartland is a Canadian family drama television series which debuted on CBC on October 14, 2007.  Heartland follows sisters Amy and Lou Fleming, their grandfather Jack Bartlett, and Ty Borden through the highs and lows of life at their horse ranch in the fictional town of Hudson, Alberta.
The plot focuses on Amy, who inherited her mother's ability to heal abused and damaged horses after a tragic accident that led to significant changes in the lives of the characters.
Heartland airs in Canada on CBC at 7 pm (7:30 pm in Newfoundland) on Sundays. The series also airs in the United States on the UpTV and formerly on the defunct Light TV digital broadcast network. It is also distributed online on Netflix internationally (excluding Canada). The series previously also aired on The CW before being transferred solely to UP by 2010. The show became the longest-running one-hour scripted drama in Canadian television history on October 19, 2014, when it surpassed the previous 124-episode record set by Street Legal.  As of December 7, 2025, 279 episodes of Heartland have aired, concluding the nineteenth season. The fourteenth season premiered in Canada on January 10, 2021, and airing later in the United States on UP's UP Faith and Family streaming service on May 6, 2021 and premiered on linear Up TV starting July 8, 2021 as part of the summer Thursday night programming schedule. The fifteenth season premiered on Up Faith & Family starting in March 17, 2022 and premiered later on Up TV on May 19. The show was renewed for a 15-episode 16th season on June 1, 2022 and started production on the same day. It premiered in the fall in Canada and will premiere on June 1, 2023 on Up Faith and Family and in the summer on the main Up TV channel in the US. Up Faith and Family season 16, episode 10 was a 'mid-season finale'. Episode 11 was held until fall, September 21, 2023. In May 2025, the series was renewed for a nineteenth season confirmed for another 10 episodes which was confirmed and announced on the same day by lead actress Amber Marshall, in a video posted to social and on her official YouTube channel letting fans know that production was underway. Filming later began in June and at CBC Television's 2025 upfront for the fall 2025-26 season television season, it was announced that the season would premiere sometime in October in Canada. It was later revealed that it would premiere on October 2, with its US premiere to follow on November 4 exclusively on UP Faith & Family and it premiered with a live interactive virtual event for fans featuring interviews from the cast and crew of the show and a live watch party for fans of the show to interact with other fans of the show in an interactive messaging chat box on screen with real time comments being shown live. New episodes will air weekly with one episode per week until December 5 where the show will take a break and then return in January 2026 with the remaining new episodes until early February. This is the first time new episodes of the series were released in tandem between Canada and the US unlike previous, whereas the show would premiere a new season in the fall in Canada and then premiere sometime later on in the winter, spring or summer in the US the following year under a deal between both broadcasters Up TV and CBC and producer SEVEN24 Films. This follows a similar production release schedule pattern to that of the show Murdoch Mysteries, which airs on Ovation TV and streams on Acorn TV, a streaming platform owned by AMC Networks, in the US, where previously new seasons were released in Canada in the fall on CBC, then air in either January or February of the next on Ovation on linear TV, then stream on Acorn TV in March or April every year in the US, however now has reverted to releasing new episodes in the US and Canada on TV, while Ovation airs a repeat on Saturdays as part of its "Mystery Alley" block, and still so far releases on streaming on Acorn TV in the springtime of every year, starting from Season 18 in October 2024, after the Season 17 finale completed airing in May.

Title: List of films with post-credits scenes (2020s)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_films_with_post-credits_scenes_(2020s)
Excerpt: Many films have featured mid- and post-credits scenes. Such scenes often include comedic gags, plot revelations, outtakes, or hints about sequels.