Title: Haruki Murakami
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haruki_Murakami
Excerpt: Haruki Murakami (村上 春樹, Murakami Haruki; born January 12, 1949) is a Japanese writer. His novels, essays, and short stories have been best-sellers in Japan and internationally, with his work translated into 50 languages and having sold millions of copies outside Japan. He has received numerous awards for his work, including the Gunzo Prize for New Writers, the World Fantasy Award, the Tanizaki Prize, Yomiuri Prize for Literature, the Frank O'Connor International Short Story Award, the Noma Literary Prize, the Franz Kafka Prize, the Kiriyama Prize for Fiction, the Goodreads Choice Awards for Best Fiction, the Jerusalem Prize, and the Princess of Asturias Awards.
Growing up in Ashiya, near Kobe, before moving to Tokyo to attend Waseda University, he published his first novel Hear the Wind Sing (1979) after owning a small jazz bar for seven years. His notable works include the novels Norwegian Wood (1987), The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle (1994–95), Kafka on the Shore (2002) and 1Q84 (2009–10); the last was ranked as the best work of Japan's Heisei era (1989–2019) by the national newspaper Asahi Shimbun's survey of literary experts. His work spans genres including science fiction, fantasy, and crime fiction, and has become known for his use of magical realist elements.
His official website cites Raymond Chandler, Kurt Vonnegut and Richard Brautigan as key inspirations to his work, while Murakami himself has named Kazuo Ishiguro, Cormac McCarthy, and Dag Solstad as his favorite contemporary writers. Murakami has also published five short story collections, including First Person Singular (2020), and non-fiction works including Underground (1997), an oral history of the Tokyo subway sarin attack, and What I Talk About When I Talk About Running (2007), a memoir about his experience as a long-distance runner.
His fiction has polarized literary critics and the reading public. He has sometimes been characterized by Japan's literary establishment as un-Japanese, leading to Murakami's recalling that he was a "black sheep in the Japanese literary world". Meanwhile, Murakami has been described by Gary Fisketjon, the editor of Murakami's collection The Elephant Vanishes (1993), as a "truly extraordinary writer", while Steven Poole of The Guardian praised Murakami as "among the world's greatest living novelists" for his oeuvre.

Title: Yasunari Kawabata
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yasunari_Kawabata
Excerpt: Yasunari Kawabata (川端 康成, Kawabata Yasunari; Japanese pronunciation: [ka.wa.ba.ta (|) ja.sɯꜜ.na.ɾʲi], 11 June 1899 – 16 April 1972) was a Japanese novelist and short story writer whose spare, lyrical, subtly-shaded prose works won him the 1968 Nobel Prize in Literature, the first Japanese author to receive the award. His works have enjoyed broad international appeal and are still widely read.

Title: Galaxy Express 999
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galaxy_Express_999
Excerpt: Galaxy Express 999 (銀河鉄道999（スリーナイン）, Ginga Tetsudō Surī Nain; "999" read as "Three Nine") is a Japanese manga series. It is written and illustrated by Leiji Matsumoto, later adapted into a number of anime films and television series. It is set in a spacefaring, high-tech future in which humans have learned how to transfer their minds and emotions with perfect fidelity into mechanical bodies, thus achieving practical immortality.
The manga won the Shogakukan Manga Award for shōnen in 1978. The anime series won the Animage Anime Grand Prix prize in 1981.
Matsumoto was inspired to create Galaxy Express 999 by the idea of a steam train running through the stars in the novel Night on the Galactic Railroad by Kenji Miyazawa.

Title: List of historical films set in Asia
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_historical_films_set_in_Asia
Excerpt: Historical or period drama is a film genre in which stories are based on historical events and famous persons. Some historical dramas attempt to accurately portray a historical event or biography, to the degree that the available historical research will allow. Other historical dramas are fictionalised tales that are based on an actual person and their deeds.
Due to the sheer volume of films included in this genre and in the interest of continuity, this list is primarily focused on films pertaining to the history of East Asia, Central Asia, and India. For films pertaining to the history of Near Eastern and Western civilisation, please refer to list of historical period drama films and series set in Near Eastern and Western civilization.
The films on this page are divided into regions, and within each region the films are listed chronologically.

Title: The Amazing Digital Circus
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Amazing_Digital_Circus
Excerpt: The Amazing Digital Circus is an Australian independent adult animated web series created, written, and directed by Gooseworx and produced by Glitch Productions. The series follows a group of humans trapped inside a circus-themed virtual reality simulation, where they are overseen by an erratic artificial intelligence ringmaster while coping with personal traumas and psychological tendencies. Gooseworx pitched the series to Glitch, inspired by the primitive computer-generated imagery of the 1990s, as well as the short story "I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream" by Harlan Ellison.
The Amazing Digital Circus began production in 2022, with its pilot episode premiering on Glitch Productions' YouTube channel on 13 October 2023. The pilot went viral, becoming one of the most-viewed animation pilots on the platform; it was praised by critics for its animation, writing, voice acting, and dark themes, and was nominated for an Annie Award. The full series entered production following the success of the pilot. On 4 October 2024, following the release of the third episode, the series became available on Netflix. The eighth and ninth episodes were released in theatres on 4 June 2026 in a combined screening titled The Amazing Digital Circus: The Last Act. The series finale, titled "Remember", was released on YouTube and Netflix on 19 June 2026.