Title: Film noir
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Film_noir
Excerpt: A film noir (; French: [film nwaʁ]) is a Hollywood crime drama film that emphasizes cynical attitudes and motivations. The 1940s and 1950s are generally regarded as the "classic period" of American film noir. Film noir of this era is associated with a low-key, black-and-white visual style that has roots in German expressionist cinematography. Many of the prototypical stories and attitudes expressed in classic noir derive from the hardboiled school of crime fiction that emerged in the United States during the Great Depression, known as noir fiction. Film noir encompasses a range of plots, commonly featuring mysteries/crime dramas, detective fiction, and stories with themes of corruption, organized crime, redemption, cynicism, and tragedy.
Common archetypical protagonists include a private investigator (The Big Sleep), a plainclothes police officer (The Big Heat), an aging boxer (The Set-Up), a hapless grifter (Night and the City), a law-abiding citizen lured into a life of crime (Gun Crazy), a femme fatale (Gilda) or simply a victim of circumstance (D.O.A.).
The term film noir, French for "black film" (literal) or "dark film" (closer meaning), was first applied to Hollywood films by French critic Nino Frank in 1946, but was unrecognized by most American film industry professionals of that era. Frank is believed to have been inspired by the French literary publishing imprint Série noire, founded in 1945.
Cinema historians and critics defined the category retrospectively. Before the notion was widely adopted in the 1970s, many of the classic film noirs[a] were referred to as "melodramas". Whether film noir qualifies as a distinct genre or whether it should be considered a filmmaking style continues to be debated by film scholars.
Although film noir was originally associated with American productions, the term has been used to describe films from around the world. Many films released from the 1960s onward share attributes with film noirs of the classical period, and often treat its conventions self-referentially. Latter-day works are typically referred to as neo-noir. The clichés of film noir have inspired parody since the mid-1940s.

Title: Tippi Hedren
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tippi_Hedren
Excerpt: Nathalie Kay "Tippi" Hedren (born January 19, 1930) is an American former actress. Initially a fashion model, appearing on the front covers of Life and Glamour magazines (among others), she became an actress after being discovered by director Alfred Hitchcock while appearing on a television commercial in 1961. Hedren received worldwide recognition due to her work in two of his films, the suspense-thriller The Birds (1963) (for which she won a Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year) and the psychological drama Marnie (1964). She performed in over 80 films and television shows, including Charlie Chaplin's final film A Countess from Hong Kong (1967), the political satire Citizen Ruth (1996), and the existential comedy I Heart Huckabees (2004). Among other honors, her contributions to world cinema have been recognized with the Jules Verne Award and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
Hedren's strong commitment to animal rescue began in 1969 while she was shooting two films in Africa and was introduced to the plight of African lions. In an attempt to raise awareness for wildlife, she spent over a decade bringing Roar (1981) to the screen. She started her own nonprofit organization, the Roar Foundation, in 1983; it supports the Shambala Preserve, an 80-acre (32 ha) wildlife habitat in Acton, California, that enables her to continue her work in the care and preservation of lions and tigers. Hedren has also set up relief programs worldwide following earthquakes, hurricanes, famine and war. She was also instrumental in the development of Vietnamese-American nail salons.

Title: Sondra Locke
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sondra_Locke
Excerpt: Sandra Louise Anderson (née Smith; May 28, 1944 – November 3, 2018), professionally known as Sondra Locke, was an American actress and director.
An alumna of Middle Tennessee State University, Locke broke into regional show business with assorted posts at the Nashville-based radio station WSM-AM, then segued into television as a promotions assistant for WSM-TV. She performed in the theater company Circle Players Inc. while employed at WSM. After making her screen debut in a locally shot short subject in 1966, she transitioned to feature films in The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter (1968), for which she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and earned dual Golden Globe nominations for Best Supporting Actress and New Star of the Year.
Locke went on to appear in the box-office successes Willard (1971), The Outlaw Josey Wales (1976), The Gauntlet (1977), Every Which Way but Loose (1978), Bronco Billy (1980), Any Which Way You Can (1980), and Sudden Impact (1983). She worked regularly with Clint Eastwood, who was her companion from 1975 to 1989 despite their marriages to other people. She also starred in Cover Me Babe (1970), A Reflection of Fear (1972), The Second Coming of Suzanne (1974), The Shadow of Chikara (1977), and Ratboy (1986). Her television credits include guest roles on such hit series as Night Gallery (1971), The F.B.I. (1972), Cannon (1973–1975), Kung Fu (1974), and Barnaby Jones (1975). She directed four films, notably Impulse (1990), and authored an autobiography in 1997. Her final film was Ray Meets Helen (2018).
Locke's persona belied her age. She claimed to have been born several years later than 1944, often playing roles written for women far younger than herself, and kept her true age a secret throughout her career. For reasons never made clear, her death was not publicly announced and was only confirmed by vital statistics six weeks after she died of cardiac arrest at the age of 74. From 1967 until her death, Locke was the wife of sculptor Gordon Leigh Anderson, in a mixed-orientation union they reputedly never consummated.

Title: List of Perry Mason episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Perry_Mason_episodes
Excerpt: This is a list of episodes for Perry Mason, an American legal drama series that aired on CBS television for nine seasons (September 21, 1957 – May 22, 1966). The title character, portrayed by Raymond Burr, is a fictional Los Angeles criminal defense lawyer who originally appeared in detective fiction by Erle Stanley Gardner. Many episodes are based on novels and short stories written by Gardner, with some stories having been adapted more than once.

Title: Steven Spielberg's unrealized projects
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Steven_Spielberg%27s_unrealized_projects
Excerpt: During his long career, American filmmaker Steven Spielberg has worked on a number of projects which never progressed beyond the pre-production stage under his direction. Some of these projects fell into "development hell" or were officially canceled, some were turned over to other production teams, and others never made it past the speculative stage.