Title: Wild Bill Hickok
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wild_Bill_Hickok
Excerpt: James Butler Hickok (May 27, 1837 – August 2, 1876), better known as "Wild Bill" Hickok, was a folk hero of the American Old West known for his life on the frontier as a soldier, scout, lawman, cattle rustler, gunslinger, gambler, showman, and actor, and for his involvement in many famous gunfights. He earned a great deal of fame in his own time, much of it bolstered by the many outlandish and often fabricated tales told and printed about him, occasionally by himself. Some contemporaneous reports of his exploits are known to be fictitious, but they remain the basis of much of his fame and reputation.
Hickok was born and raised on a farm in Northern Illinois at a time when lawlessness and vigilante activity were rampant because of the influence of the "Banditti of the Prairie". Drawn to this criminal lifestyle, he headed west at age 18 as a fugitive from justice, working as a stagecoach driver and later as a lawman in the frontier territories of Kansas and Nebraska. He served in and spied for the Union army during the American Civil War and gained publicity after the war as a scout, marksman, actor, and professional gambler. He was involved in several notable shootouts during the course of his life.
In 1876, Hickok was shot and killed while playing poker in a saloon in Deadwood, Dakota Territory (present-day South Dakota) by Jack McCall, an unsuccessful gambler. The hand of cards that he supposedly held at the time of his death has become known as the dead man's hand: two pairs, black aces and eights, and another unknown card, therefore having five cards in his hand at his death.
Hickok remains a popular figure of frontier history. Many historic sites and monuments commemorate his life, and he has been depicted numerous times in literature, film, and television. He is chiefly portrayed as a protagonist, although historical accounts of his actions are often controversial, and much of his career is known to have been exaggerated both by himself and by contemporary mythmakers. Hickok claimed to have shot numerous gunmen in his lifetime, and he killed six or seven, all between 1861 and 1871 according to Joseph G. Rosa, Hickok's biographer and the foremost authority on him.

Title: Armand Assante
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Armand_Assante
Excerpt: Armand Anthony Assante Jr. (; born October 4, 1949) is an American actor. He played mobster John Gotti in the 1996 HBO television film Gotti alongside Anthony Quinn, Odysseus in the 1997 miniseries adaptation of Homer's The Odyssey, Nietzsche in When Nietzsche Wept, and Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer in 1982's I, the Jury. He has been nominated for two Primetime Emmy Awards (one win for his performance in Gotti), four Golden Globe Awards, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards. Assante also played 'Dominic Cattano', who was based on the real-life Lucchese family boss Carmine Tramunti, in the 2007 film American Gangster alongside Denzel Washington, Josh Brolin and Russell Crowe, which was nominated for two Oscars at the 80th Academy Awards in 2008.

Title: The Young Riders
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Young_Riders
Excerpt: The Young Riders is an American Western television series created by Ed Spielman that presents a fictionalized account of a group of young Pony Express riders (some of whom are young versions of legendary figures in Old West history) based at the Sweetwater Station in the Nebraska Territory during the years leading up to the American Civil War. The series premiered on ABC on September 20, 1989 and ran for three seasons until the final episode aired on July 23, 1992.

Title: List of actors considered for the James Bond character
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_actors_considered_for_the_James_Bond_character
Excerpt: This is a list of actors who were considered for the role of James Bond, both officially and unofficially, but ultimately did not portray Bond. For a comprehensive list of the actors who have actually played the role of James Bond in the official films, please refer to the separate list of James Bond films.

Title: Love, Wedding, Marriage
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love,_Wedding,_Marriage
Excerpt: Love, Wedding, Marriage is a 2011 American romantic comedy film directed by Dermot Mulroney in his feature film directorial debut. It stars Mandy Moore, Kellan Lutz, James Brolin, Jane Seymour and Christopher Lloyd. It was released on June 3, 2011.