Title: Centre Party (Sweden)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centre_Party_(Sweden)
Excerpt: The Centre Party (Swedish: Centerpartiet [ˈsɛ̂nːtɛrpaˌʈiːɛt] , C) is a liberal political party in Sweden, founded in 1913. The party focuses on the national economy, the environment, political decentralisation and social integration. It is represented in all of the Riksdag's parliamentary committees, currently holding 24 seats.
Traditionally part of the Nordic agrarian family of political parties, the Centre Party has increasingly switched focus towards economic liberalism, environmental protection, equality of the sexes and decentralisation of governmental authority. The party describes itself as liberal feminist, campaigning for policies which enhance gender equality on an individualist basis. Its environmental policies stress the importance of consent and voluntary action, including working with foresters and private landowners to promote biodiversity within a mutually agreeable framework.
The Centre Party has produced two prime ministers of Sweden: Axel Pehrsson who held the prime minister post for three months in 1936 and Thorbjörn Fälldin who held the post for a total of five years, from 1976 to 1978 and then again from 1979 to 1982. It is a member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe, the Liberal International and Renew Europe. It was originally named the Farmers' League (Swedish: Bondeförbundet [ˈbʊ̂nːdɛfœrˌbɵndɛt] ; B).

Title: Anders (political party)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anders_(political_party)
Excerpt: Anders (Dutch: [ˈɑndərs] , lit. ''Different''), formerly known as the Open Flemish Liberals and Democrats (Dutch: Open Vlaamse Liberalen en Democraten, [ˈoːpə(ɱ) ˈvlaːmsə libəˈraːlən ɛn deːmoːˈkraːtə(n), -lə ʔɛn -] , Open VLD), is a Flemish liberal political party in Belgium. Politically liberal, the party has been described as centre-right, and has smaller factions within the party that have conservative liberal, as well as social liberal views. The party is a member of the Liberal Group, Renew Europe, and Liberal International. On 19 January 2026, its current name was adopted.
The party was created in 1992 from the former bilingual Party for Freedom and Progress (PVV) and politicians from other parties after Belgium was reconstituted as a federal state based on language, with the French-speaking faction forming the Reformist Movement (MR) in Wallonia. The party led the government for three cabinets under Guy Verhofstadt from 1999 until March 2008. Open VLD then formed the federal government (the "Swedish government") with the New Flemish Alliance (N-VA), Christian Democratic and Flemish (CD&V), and MR.
In the Flemish Parliament, the VLD formed a coalition government with sp.a-Spirit and CD&V from after the 2004 Belgian regional elections until the 2009 Belgian regional elections. Open Vld was a member of the Leterme I Government formed on 22 March 2008, the Van Rompuy I Government formed on 2 January 2009, the Leterme II Government formed on 24 November 2009, and the Di Rupo Government formed on 6 December 2011.
Ideologically, Open VLD started as an economically liberal, in the mold of Thatcherism, which mirrored some of the original ideology of the PVV. The VLD rapidly became more centrist and gave up much of its free-market approach, partly under the influence of Verhofstadt's political scientist brother Dirk Verhofstadt. The VLD continued to contain conservative-libertarian and classical liberal wings with ties to think-tanks like Nova Civitas. Party chairman Bart Somers called in November 2006 for a "revolution" within the party, saying that "a liberal party", like the VLD, "can be only progressive and social".
From 2000 to 2004, during the second period of its participation in the Belgian federal government and under Belgian Prime Minister Verhofstadt, the VLD allegedly lost most of its ideological appeal. Several of its thinkers such as former member and Nova Civitas president Boudewijn Bouckaert heavily criticized the party. Many others, particularly from the party's conservative and Flemish autonomist wing, resented the priority it placed on the "Belgian compromise", which enabled the Socialist Party (PS) of the French Community of Belgium to gain a dominant position in the formulation of Belgian federal government policy.
In 2004, the VLD teamed up with the minority social-liberal party Vivant for both the Flemish and European elections. VLD-Vivant lost the elections to arch rivals CD&V and the Flemish Bloc. The VLD fell from second to third place among the Flemish political parties, slipping narrowly behind the sp.a-Spirit cartel. Internal feuds, the support for electoral rights for immigrants, and an unsuccessful economic policy were seen as the main reasons for its election defeat. From 2007, the party kept having electoral difficulties, first due to competition from split-off List Dedecker and after 2010 from the liberal-conservative Flemish nationalist party N-VA.

Title: National Liberal Club
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Liberal_Club
Excerpt: The National Liberal Club (NLC) is a London private members' club, open to both men and women. It was established in 1882 to provide club facilities for Liberal Party campaigners among the newly enlarged electorate following the Third Reform Act in 1884, and was envisioned as a more accessible version of a traditional London club. Since 1947, it has also been the home of Liberal International.
The club's Italianate building on the Embankment of the river Thames is the second-largest club-house built in London. (It was the largest ever at the time, but was superseded by the later Royal Automobile Club building completed in 1911.) Designed by Alfred Waterhouse, it was completed in 1887. Its facilities include a dining room, a bar, function rooms, a billiards room, a smoking room, a library and an outdoor riverside terrace. It is located at Whitehall Place, close to the Houses of Parliament, the Thames Embankment and Trafalgar Square.

Title: Betzy Kjelsberg
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Betzy_Kjelsberg
Excerpt: Betzy Aleksandra Kjelsberg (née Børresen) (1 November 1866 – 3 October 1950) was a Norwegian women's rights activist, suffragist and a member of the feminist movement. She was a politician with the Liberal Party and  the first female board member of the party.

Title: Gina Krog
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gina_Krog
Excerpt: Jørgine Anna Sverdrup "Gina" Krog (20 June 1847 – 14 April 1916) was a Norwegian suffragist, teacher, liberal politician, writer and editor, and a major figure in liberal feminism in Scandinavia.
She played a central role in the Norwegian liberal women's rights movement from the 1880s until her death, notably as a leading campaigner for women's right to vote. In 1884, Krog co-founded the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights with liberal MP Hagbart Berner. Over the next two decades, Krog co-founded the Women's Voting Association, the National Association for Women's Suffrage, and the Norwegian National Women's Council, spearheading the presentation of women's suffrage proposals to the Storting (the Norwegian parliament). Krog wrote articles and gave speeches, travelling throughout Europe and North America to attend international women's rights conferences. She was editor of the Norwegian feminist periodical Nylænde (New Land) from 1887 until her death in 1916. She was an early member of the Liberal Party and served as a deputy member of its national board. Krog was strongly inspired by the American liberal women's rights movement spearheaded by Susan B. Anthony and Elizabeth Cady Stanton.
Krog was regarded as an unapologetic liberal progressive during her time, seeking full and equal voting rights for all women on the same conditions as men. In the 19th century these views brought Krog into conflict with more moderate members of the Norwegian women's movement, many of whom argued for narrower approaches, focusing first on enfranchising privileged women; before 1900 only men of certain means and position had the right to vote as well. In 1910, the Storting granted universal voting rights to women for municipal elections, extending this to general elections in 1913.
Krog was the first woman in Norway to receive a state funeral. Since 2009, the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights has awarded the biennial Gina Krog Prize for feminist advocates.