Title: Wong Kar-wai
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wong_Kar-wai
Excerpt: Wong Kar-wai  (born 17 July 1958) is a Hong Kong filmmaker. His films are characterised by nonlinear narratives, atmospheric music, and vivid cinematography with bold, saturated colours. An auteur of Hong Kong cinema, Wong frequently appears at international film festivals.
Born in Shanghai, Wong emigrated to Hong Kong as a child with his family. He began a career as a screenwriter for soap operas before transitioning to directing with his debut, the crime drama As Tears Go By (1988). As Tears Go By was fairly successful in Hong Kong, but Wong moved away from the contemporary trend of crime and action movies to embark on more personal filmmaking. Days of Being Wild (1990), his first venture in such a direction, did not perform well at the box office, but received critical acclaim and won Best Film and Best Director at the 1991 Hong Kong Film Awards. His next film, Ashes of Time (1994), met with a mixed reception because of its vague plot and atypical take on the wuxia genre.
Exhausted by the time-consuming production of Ashes of Time, Wong directed Chungking Express (1994), a smaller film that he hoped would rekindle his love of cinema during a two-month sabbatical while waiting for post-production equipment to arrive for Ashes of Time. The film, with its more lighthearted atmosphere, catapulted Wong to international prominence, and won Best Film and Best Director at the 1995 Hong Kong Film Awards. Wong followed up with the crime thriller Fallen Angels (1995), which has since become a cult classic of the Golden Age of Hong Kong cinema and is considered especially representative of Wong's style. Wong consolidated his reputation with the 1997 drama Happy Together, for which he won Best Director at the Cannes Film Festival.
The 2000 drama In the Mood for Love, revered for its lush visuals and subtle storytelling, concretely established Wong's trademark filmmaking style. Among his other works are 2046 (2004), a romantic drama and science fiction film, and The Grandmaster (2013), a biopic of Ip Man, both of which received awards and nominations worldwide.

Title: Alejandro González Iñárritu
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alejandro_Gonz%C3%A1lez_I%C3%B1%C3%A1rritu
Excerpt: Alejandro González Iñárritu (born 15 August 1963) is a Mexican filmmaker. He is primarily known for making modern psychological drama films about the human condition. His most notable films include Amores perros (2000), 21 Grams (2003), Babel (2006), Biutiful (2010), Birdman (2014), The Revenant (2015), and Bardo (2022). Iñárritu's projects have garnered critical acclaim and numerous accolades, including five Academy Awards, three BAFTA Awards, and four Golden Globe Awards.
In 2006, Iñárritu won the Best Director Award at the Cannes Film Festival. In 2019, Iñárritu was president of the jury for the 72nd Cannes Film Festival. 
Iñárritu was awarded the Academy Award for Best Director for Birdman (2014) and  for The Revenant (2015), making him the third director to win the award back-to-back, following in the footsteps of John Ford and Joseph L. Mankiewicz. To date, he is the only director in history to have won the DGA Award for Outstanding Directing two years in a row.
Iñárritu was later awarded a Special Achievement Academy Award for his virtual reality installation Carne y Arena (2017), the first ever VR installation to be presented at the Cannes Film Festival.

Title: Korkoro
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korkoro
Excerpt: Korkoro ("Alone" in Romani) is a 2009 French drama film written and directed by Tony Gatlif, starring Francophone actors Marc Lavoine, Marie-Josée Croze and James Thiérrée. The film's cast were of many nationalities such as Albanian, Kosovar, Georgian, Serbian, French, Norwegian, and nine Romani people Gatlif recruited in Transylvania.
Based on an anecdote about the Second World War by the Romani historian Jacques Sigot, the film was inspired by a Romani who escaped the Nazis with help from French villagers. It depicts the rarely documented subject of Porajmos (the Romani Holocaust).
Other than a band of Romani people, the film has a character based on Yvette Lundy, a French teacher who was active in the French resistance and deported to a concentration camp for forging passports for Romani.
Gatlif had intended to make a documentary but the lack of supporting documents led him to present it as a drama.
The film premiered at the Montréal World Film Festival, winning the Grand Prize of the Americas, amongst other awards. It was released in France as Liberté in February 2010, where it grossed $601,252; revenues from Belgium and the United States brought the total to $627,088. The film's music, composed by Tony Gatlif and Delphine Mantoulet, received a nomination in the Best Music Written for a Film category at the 36th annual César Awards.
Korkoro has been described as a "rare cinematic tribute" to those killed in the Porajmos. In general, it received positive reviews from critics, including praise for having an unusually leisurely pace for a Holocaust film. Critics regarded it as one of the director's best works, and with Latcho Drom, the "most accessible" of his films. The film is considered to show Romani in a non-stereotypical way, far from their clichéd depictions as musicians.

Title: Kleber Mendonça Filho
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kleber_Mendon%C3%A7a_Filho
Excerpt: Kleber de Mendonça Vasconcellos Filho ( men-DOHN-sə FEEL-yoo; Portuguese: [ˈklɛbeʁ mẽˈdõsɐ ˈfiʎu]; born 22 November 1968) is a Brazilian film director, screenwriter and producer. Beginning his career as a movie critic, he transitioned to filmmaking in 2002, initially directing short films and documentaries. In 2012, his narrative feature debut Neighboring Sounds (2012) was included by The New York Times in its best-of-the-year list.
His following films, Aquarius (2016) and Bacurau (2019), were nominated for the Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival, while the latter won the Jury Prize in Cannes. For The Secret Agent (2025), Mendonça Filho won Best Director at the Cannes Film Festival, and Best Non-English Language Film at the 83rd Golden Globes Awards, while the film was also nominated for Best Picture and Best International Film at the 98th Academy Awards.

Title: Joel Coen
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joel_Coen
Excerpt: Joel Daniel Coen (born November 29, 1954) is an American filmmaker. Working alongside his brother Ethan, he has directed, written, edited and produced many feature films, the most acclaimed of which include Blood Simple (1984), Raising Arizona (1987), Miller's Crossing (1990), Barton Fink (1991), Fargo (1996), The Big Lebowski (1998), O Brother, Where Art Thou? (2000), The Ladykillers (2004), No Country for Old Men (2007), Burn After Reading (2008), A Serious Man (2009), True Grit (2010), Inside Llewyn Davis (2013), Hail, Caesar! (2016) and The Ballad of Buster Scruggs (2018).
The duo began directing separately in the 2020s. Joel directed the 2021 thriller The Tragedy of Macbeth (adapted from the Shakespeare play) starring Denzel Washington and Coen's wife Frances McDormand. The film was his first solo directorial effort, and was nominated for three Academy Awards. Joel is set to direct another film, Jack of Spades.
The brothers, together, have won four Academy Awards from 13 nominations; one for writing Fargo, and three for writing, directing, and producing No Country For Old Men. They also won a Palme d'Or for Barton Fink.