Title: Song of the South
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_of_the_South
Excerpt: Song of the South is a 1946 American  musical film directed by Harve Foster and Wilfred Jackson, produced by Walt Disney, and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the Uncle Remus stories as adapted by Joel Chandler Harris, stars James Baskett in his final film role, and features the voices of Johnny Lee, Baskett, and Nick Stewart. The live-action/animated film takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia during the Reconstruction era, a period of American history after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery. The story follows seven-year-old Johnny (Bobby Driscoll) who is visiting his grandmother's (Lucile Watson) plantation for an extended stay. Johnny befriends Uncle Remus (Baskett), an elderly worker on the plantation, and takes joy in hearing his tales about the adventures of Br'er Rabbit (Lee), Br'er Fox, and Br'er Bear (Baskett and Stewart). Johnny learns from the stories how to cope with the challenges he is experiencing while living on the plantation.
Walt Disney had wanted to produce a film based on the Uncle Remus stories for some time. In 1939, he began negotiating with the Harris family for the film rights, and in 1944, filming for Song of the South began. The studio constructed a plantation set, for the outdoor scenes, in Phoenix, Arizona, while other scenes were filmed in Hollywood. The film is predominantly live action, but includes three animated segments, which were later released as stand-alone television features. Some scenes also feature a combination of live action with animation. Song of the South premiered in Atlanta in November 1946 and the remainder of its initial theater run was a financial success. The song  "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" won the 1947 Academy Award for Best Original Song and Baskett received an Academy Honorary Award for his performance as Uncle Remus.
Since its initial release the film has attracted controversy, with critics characterizing its portrayal of African Americans and plantation life as racist. As a result of the film's controversial legacy, Disney has not released Song of the South on any home video format in the United States, and the film has never been available on its streaming platform Disney+. Some of the musical and animated sequences have been released through other means, and the full film has seen home video distribution in other countries. The cartoon characters from the film continued to appear in a variety of books, comics, and other Disney media for many decades after the film's release. The theme park ride Splash Mountain, located at Tokyo Disneyland and formerly located at Disneyland and Magic Kingdom, is based on the film's animated sequences.

Title: Tiny Toon Adventures
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tiny_Toon_Adventures
Excerpt: Tiny Toon Adventures, also known simply as Tiny Toons, is an American animated comedy television series created by animator Tom Ruegger and produced by Warner Bros. Animation and Amblin Entertainment. The series follows the adventures of a group of young cartoon characters who attend Acme Looniversity to become the next generation of characters from the Looney Tunes series.
The series originated in the late 1980s as an idea by Warner Bros. Animation president Terry Semel, who proposed a show featuring either young versions or offspring of the original Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies characters. With Steven Spielberg serving as executive producer, the new characters were modeled on Looney Tunes characters but shared no familial relationship. The project was developed as an animated film for two years before being reworked into a television series. After character design sessions and story meetings, production began in April 1989 and concluded in 1991, with Spielberg approving every production aspect of each episode. The first episode, "The Looney Beginning", aired as a prime-time special on CBS on September 14, 1990. The series subsequently ran in first-run syndication from September 17, 1990, to February 24, 1992. The final season was broadcast on Fox's Fox Kids block from September 14 to December 6, 1992.
Tiny Toon Adventures received generally favorable reviews from critics and won seven Daytime Emmy Awards, a Young Artist Award, and an Environmental Media Award. It was also nominated for two Annie Awards and two Primetime Emmy Awards. A direct-to-video film spin-off, Tiny Toon Adventures: How I Spent My Vacation, was released in 1992, followed by two specials aired on Fox Kids in 1994 and 1995. The Plucky Duck Show, a spin-off television series, was created for Fox Kids and ran for one season in 1992. A second spin-off series, Pinky, Elmyra & the Brain, ran on The WB's Kids' WB block for one season from 1998 to 1999. From 2023 to 2025, a reboot titled Tiny Toons Looniversity streamed on HBO Max and aired on Cartoon Network.

Title: Goodnight Moon
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goodnight_Moon
Excerpt: Goodnight Moon is an American children's book written by Margaret Wise Brown and illustrated by Clement Hurd. It was published on September 3, 1947, and is a highly acclaimed bedtime story.
This book is the second in Brown and Hurd's "classic series," which also includes The Runaway Bunny and My World. The three books have been published together as a collection titled Over the Moon.

Title: Splash Mountain
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Splash_Mountain
Excerpt: Splash Mountain is a log flume ride at Tokyo Disneyland. Other versions, which have since been rethemed, were formerly located at Disneyland and Magic Kingdom. The attraction is based on the animated sequences of Disney's 1946 film Song of the South. The ride experience begins with an outdoor float-through that leads to indoor dark ride segments, with a climactic steep drop followed by an indoor finale. The drop is 52.5 feet (16.0 meters).
The original Splash Mountain opened at Disneyland in July 1989, followed by the Tokyo Disneyland and Magic Kingdom versions in October 1992. In June 2020, it was announced that the U.S. versions of the ride would be receiving a new theme based on Disney Animation's 2009 film The Princess and the Frog. The Magic Kingdom version of Splash Mountain closed on January 23, 2023, while the Disneyland version closed on May 31, 2023. The replacement, which is titled Tiana's Bayou Adventure, opened on June 28, 2024 at Magic Kingdom and on November 15, 2024 at Disneyland.

Title: Br'er Rabbit
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Br%27er_Rabbit
Excerpt: Br'er Rabbit ( BRAIR; an abbreviation of Brother Rabbit, also spelled Brer Rabbit) is a central figure in African-American folktales. The character is an oral tradition passed down by African-Americans of the Southern United States and African descendants in the Caribbean, notably Afro-Bahamians and Turks and Caicos Islanders. He is a trickster who succeeds by his wits rather than by brawn, provoking authority figures and bending social mores as he sees fit. Popular adaptations of the character, originally recorded by Joel Chandler Harris in the 19th century, include Disney's 1946 film Song of the South.