Title: Marvel Television
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Television
Excerpt: Marvel Television was an American television production company responsible for live-action and animated television shows and direct-to-DVD series based on characters from Marvel Comics. Marvel Television was formed as a division of Marvel Entertainment in June 2010, with producer Jeph Loeb serving as its executive vice president and head of television to produce shows for Marvel. The division was based at affiliate ABC Studios' location, and collaborated with the broadcast network ABC, streaming services Netflix and Hulu, and cable channel Freeform to release many of their series as a part of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) media franchise, a shared universe created by the film studio Marvel Studios. Animated series from Marvel Television were produced through Marvel Animation, and the division also collaborated with 20th Century Fox to produce shows based on the X-Men franchise such as Legion and The Gifted.
Marvel Television and Marvel Studios were separated in August 2015, before this division was transferred to Marvel Studios from Marvel Entertainment in October 2019 and was folded into the former two months later. The "Marvel Television" name is currently used as a separate brand and production label by Marvel Studios.

Title: List of Marvel Cinematic Universe films
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Marvel_Cinematic_Universe_films
Excerpt: The Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) centers on American superhero films produced by Marvel Studios, based on characters from Marvel Comics publications. The MCU is the shared universe in which all of the films are set. Marvel Studios has released 38 films since 2008 and has at least eight more in various stages of development.
Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige has produced every MCU film, with some films having additional producers and production companies. The Spider-Man films are owned, financed, and distributed by Sony Pictures and co-produced by Sony's Columbia Pictures and Pascal Pictures. The MCU films are written and directed by various individuals and feature large, often ensemble, casts. They are released in groups called "Phases", with three phases making up a "Saga". The MCU is the highest-grossing film franchise of all time, grossing over $34.8 billion at the global box office. This includes Avengers: Endgame, which became the highest-grossing film ever at the time of its release in 2019.
The films from Phases One, Two, and Three are collectively known as "The Infinity Saga". The first MCU film, Iron Man (2008), was distributed by Paramount Pictures. Paramount also distributed Iron Man 2 (2010), Thor (2011), and Captain America: The First Avenger (2011), while Universal Pictures distributed The Incredible Hulk (2008). Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures began distributing the series with the crossover film The Avengers (2012), which concluded Phase One. Phase Two comprises Iron Man 3 (2013), Thor: The Dark World (2013), Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), and Ant-Man (2015). Captain America: Civil War (2016) started Phase Three, followed by Doctor Strange (2016), Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017), Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017), Thor: Ragnarok (2017), Black Panther (2018), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018), Captain Marvel (2019), Avengers: Endgame, and Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019).
The films from Phases Four, Five, and Six are collectively known as "The Multiverse Saga". These phases also include television series and television specials streaming on Disney+. The Phase Four films are Black Widow (2021), Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021), Eternals (2021), Spider-Man: No Way Home (2021), Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (2022), Thor: Love and Thunder (2022), and Black Panther: Wakanda Forever (2022). Phase Five features Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania (2023), Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 (2023), The Marvels (2023), Deadpool & Wolverine (2024), Captain America: Brave New World (2025), and Thunderbolts* (2025). Phase Six began with The Fantastic Four: First Steps (2025), and also includes Spider-Man: Brand New Day (2026), Avengers: Doomsday (2026), and Avengers: Secret Wars (2027).
The next MCU saga will start with an X-Men film in 2028, followed by Ghost Rider and Black Panther III later that year.

Title: Inhumans (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Inhumans_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Marvel's Inhumans, or simply Inhumans, is an American television series created by Scott Buck for ABC based on the Marvel Comics race of Inhumans. It is set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and acknowledges the franchise's other television series. It was produced by ABC Studios and Marvel Television in association with Devilina Productions, and was co-financed by IMAX Entertainment in a deal that gave the series a theatrical premiere. Buck served as showrunner on the series.
The series is centered on Black Bolt, portrayed by Anson Mount, and other members of the Inhuman Royal Family. Serinda Swan, Ken Leung, Eme Ikwuakor, Isabelle Cornish, Ellen Woglom, and Iwan Rheon also star. Marvel Studios announced an Inhumans film in 2014 as part of their Phase Three slate of films, with the species first introduced to the MCU in the series Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. The film was removed from Marvel Studios' slate in April 2016, and the Inhumans series was announced that November, to be partly filmed using IMAX cameras. Buck joined the series in October, and Mount was cast in February 2017. Filming took place from March to June 2017, at the former Naval Air Station Barbers Point airfield in Kalaeloa, Hawaii and various locations on the island of Oahu.
Inhumans debuted on IMAX screens on September 1, 2017, the first live-action television series to do so. The theatrical run lasted two weeks, before the series premiered on ABC on September 29 and ran for eight episodes, concluding on November 10. The series was met with unfavorable reviews and low television ratings, and was canceled by ABC in May 2018. Mount reprised his role as an alternate version of Black Bolt in Marvel Studios' MCU film Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (2022).

Title: Marvel's ABC television series
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel%27s_ABC_television_series
Excerpt: Marvel's ABC television series are a set of interconnected American television series created for the broadcast network ABC, based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics. Produced by Marvel Television and ABC Studios, they are set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and acknowledge the continuity of the franchise's films and other television series. When categorizing their wider television slate, Marvel considers the ABC series to be their "Marvel Heroes" series.
The first television series in the MCU was Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., developed by The Avengers (2012) writer/director Joss Whedon for Marvel Television and ABC. Starring Clark Gregg as Phil Coulson, reprising his role from the films, the series debuted in September 2013 and ran for seven seasons until August 2020. Marvel Studios was involved in Agent Carter, with Hayley Atwell reprising her role of Peggy Carter from the films, which ran for two seasons from January 2015 to March 2016. Inhumans, a project intended as an MCU film that was redeveloped as a series with IMAX Corporation, was released in 2017. A version of the series' first two episodes were released in IMAX theaters before the series' ABC premiere. Inhumans starred Anson Mount and was canceled after a single season.
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. debuted to strong ratings for ABC, but these steadily dropped and all three series ultimately became modest ratings performers. Reviews for S.H.I.E.L.D. compared it unfavorably to the MCU films at first, but these improved and the response to Agent Carter was more positive. Inhumans was not well received. Marvel and ABC attempted to develop several more series together, including a spin-off from S.H.I.E.L.D. called Marvel's Most Wanted, a comedy based on the Damage Control comics, and a drama centered on the Eternals. Development on any future series was halted when Marvel Television was folded into Marvel Studios in December 2019, though ABC remained committed to featuring Marvel content and began discussions with Marvel Studios for a new series shortly after.

Title: Marvel Zombies (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Zombies_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Marvel Zombies is an American adult animated television series created by Bryan Andrews and Zeb Wells for the streaming service Disney+, based on the Marvel Comics series of the same name. It is the 16th television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) from Marvel Studios and is produced by Marvel Studios Animation. The series is a spin-off of the animated series What If...? (2021–2024), set in the alternate timeline introduced in the first season episode "What If... Zombies?!" (2021). Continuing from that episode, Marvel Zombies follows a group of survivors as they risk their lives fighting superpowered zombies to save the world. Andrews served as showrunner and director, with Wells as head writer.
The series features an ensemble cast including Iman Vellani, Dominique Thorne, Hailee Steinfeld, Kerry Condon, Kenna Ramsey, Todd Williams, Kari Wahlgren, Florence Pugh, David Harbour, Simu Liu, Awkwafina, Randall Park, Feodor Chin, Wyatt Russell, Rama Vallury, Elizabeth Olsen, Hudson Thames, Paul Rudd, Greg Furman, Adam Hugill, Daniel Swain, Sheila Atim, Tessa Thompson, F. Murray Abraham, and Zenobia Shroff. Marvel Studios was developing several animated series in addition to What If...? by June 2021, including a spin-off based on "What If... Zombies?!" which was announced in November. Wells and Andrews were both involved by then. The series features the same animation style as What If...?, with Stellar Creative Lab returning from that series to provide the animation. It is Marvel Studios Animation's first series to be rated TV-MA.
Marvel Zombies was released on Disney+ on September 24, 2025, and consists of four episodes. It is a part of Phase Six of the MCU. It received generally positive reviews from critics. A second season is in production.