Title: Wendigo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendigo
Excerpt: Wendigo () is a mythological creature or evil spirit originating from Algonquian folklore. The concept of the wendigo has been widely used in literature and other works of art, such as social commentary and horror fiction.
The wendigo is often said to be a malevolent spirit, sometimes depicted as a creature with human-like characteristics, who may possess human beings. It is said to cause its victims a feeling of insatiable hunger, the desire to eat other humans, and the propensity to commit murder. In some representations, the wendigo is described as a giant humanoid with a heart of ice, whose approach is signaled by a foul stench or sudden unseasonable chill.
In modern psychiatry, the disorder known as "Wendigo psychosis" is characterized by symptoms such as an intense craving for human flesh and fear of becoming a cannibal. Wendigo psychosis is described as a culture-bound syndrome. In some First Nations communities, symptoms such as insatiable greed and destruction of the environment are also thought to be symptoms of wendigo psychosis.
The wechuge is a similar being that appears in the legends of the Athabaskan people of the Northwest Pacific Coast. It too is cannibalistic; however, it is characterized as enlightened with ancestral insights.

Title: Wendigo (comics)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendigo_(comics)
Excerpt: The Wendigo (occasionally: Wen-Di-Go) is a fictional monster appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The Marvel character is based on the Wendigo legend of the Algonquian peoples. The monster first appeared in The Incredible Hulk (vol. 2) #162 (April 1973), created by writer Steve Englehart and artist Herb Trimpe, fighting the Incredible Hulk. The Wendigo is a silver-furred Bigfoot-like creature with a prehensile tail that is not one specific person, but instead is the manifestation of a curse that can strike anyone who commits an act of cannibalism in the Canadian North Woods. Originally only one person can become the Wendigo at the time, which has led to one Wendigo being cured if another person was struck with the curse. In later years, it has been revealed that a pack of Wendigos lived in the Bering Strait. While normally depicted as a savage beast with no control, some Wendigos have appeared as part of various villainous groups, showing some restraint when not fighting.
The Wendigo character has also appeared in media outside comics, including animated series and video games.

Title: Wendigo (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wendigo_(film)
Excerpt: Wendigo is a 2001 American psychological horror film written and directed Larry Fessenden and starring Patricia Clarkson, Jake Weber, and Erik Per Sullivan. The film centers around a photographer and his family who, during a wintery weekend in upstate New York, experience the presence of a dark force in a cabin while being stalked by a local hunter after they accidentally hit a deer on the road. Meanwhile, George's son, Miles, starts having vivid hallucinations of the legendary Wendigo, who he believes to be responsible for the dark forces.
The film was produced by Antidote Films and Glass Eye Pix, and was distributed by Magnolia Pictures. It received mixed reviews by critics.

Title: Supernatural season 1
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supernatural_season_1
Excerpt: The first season of Supernatural, an American dark fantasy television series created by Eric Kripke, premiered on September 13, 2005, and concluded on May 4, 2006, after 22 episodes. It focuses on brothers Sam and Dean Winchester as they track down their father, John, who is on the trail of the demon who killed their mother and Sam's girlfriend. During their travels, they use their father's journal to help them carry on the family business—saving people and hunting supernatural creatures. Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles star as Sam and Dean, with Jeffrey Dean Morgan recurring as their father, John, and Nicki Aycox as the demonic Meg Masters. This is the only season to air on The WB, with all subsequent seasons airing on The CW, a joint venture of The WB and UPN.
The first sixteen episodes of the season aired on Tuesdays at 9:00 pm ET in the United States, after which the series was rescheduled to Thursdays. Overall, the season averaged about 3.81 million American viewers. The season gained many award nominations, among them two Primetime Emmy Awards for work done on the pilot episode. While some critics did not like the mostly anthology-like format, others praised the show for the emotional moments and noted the brotherly chemistry between the lead actors.
The season was internationally syndicated, airing in the United Kingdom on ITV, in Canada on Citytv, and in Australia on Network Ten. The first season was released on DVD as a six-disc box set on September 5, 2006, by Warner Home Video in Region 1. Although the season was split into two separate releases in Region 2, the complete set was released on October 2, 2006, and in Region 4 on October 2, 2007. The episodes are also available through digital retailers such as Apple's iTunes Store, Microsoft's Xbox Live Marketplace (now Microsoft Store), and Amazon.com's on-demand TV service.

Title: The Wendigo (novella)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wendigo_(novella)
Excerpt: The Wendigo is a novella by Algernon Blackwood, first published in The Lost Valley and Other Stories (Eveleigh Nash, 1910).