Title: William Boyd
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Boyd
Excerpt: William, Willie, Will or Bill Boyd may refer to:

Title: William Boyd (writer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Boyd_(writer)
Excerpt: William Andrew Murray Boyd  (born 7 March 1952) is a Scottish novelist, short story writer, screenwriter, and film director. He is best known for his novels, which include  A Good Man in Africa (1981), Any Human Heart (2002), and  Restless (2006), many of which have received critical acclaim and literary awards. Boyd has also written screenplays for film and television, including Chaplin (1992), and directed the World War I drama  The Trench (1999). 
His work is characterised by its narrative vitality and range, earning him numerous accolades including the Whitbread First Novel Award, the James Tait Black Memorial Prize, and the Costa Book Award. A number of his works are what he describes as "whole-life" novels which follow a protagonist through the highs and lows of a varied and often remarkable life. He regularly fuses fact with fiction and his lead characters encounter well-known historical figures. He was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 2005 for services to literature. John Self, writing for The Booker Prizes, described Boyd’s work as “vigorous, entertaining novels” produced by an “exceptionally fertile imagination,” and praised his fiction as “fully committed to his stories and characters.”

Title: William Rankin (disambiguation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Rankin_(disambiguation)
Excerpt: William Rankin may refer to:

William Rankin (1920–2009), aviator and the only known survivor of falling through a thunderstorm cloud
William Rankin (screenwriter) (1900–1966), American screenwriter of I've Got Your Number
William Rankin (Medal of Honor), on List of Medal of Honor recipients for the Indian Wars
William Rankin (boxer) (1898–1967), Scottish-Canadian featherweight boxer
William Boyd Rankin, cricketer
Willie Rankin (footballer, born 1895) (1895–1950), Scottish footballer with Motherwell, Cowdenbeath, Clyde
Willie Rankin (footballer, born 1900) (1900–1968), Scottish footballer with Dundee, Blackburn, Charlton

Title: List of people educated at Gordonstoun
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_educated_at_Gordonstoun
Excerpt: Former pupils of Gordonstoun in Moray are known as Gordonstounians. They include the following people. See also The Category for Gordonstounians

Title: Hopalong Cassidy (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hopalong_Cassidy_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Hopalong Cassidy is an American Western television series that ran from 1949 to 1952 on NBC, starring William Boyd as Hopalong Cassidy, a fictional gunslinger who had been created by writer Clarence E. Mulford. It was the first Western television series. The series began as simply broadcasts of edited versions of previous Hopalong Cassidy films, all of which had starred Boyd (66 such films had been produced between 1935 and 1948). Eventually, the series transitioned to original episodes, with a new cast of characters and actors, notably Edgar Buchanan as Hopalong's sidekick Red Connors. The show was created and produced by Boyd.
Hopalong Cassidy was a hit, especially among children, and helped lead to a wave of other Western TV series, including The Gene Autry Show and The Roy Rogers Show. It also did well in merchandising, including spawning the first TV series-themed lunchbox.