Title: List of prematurely reported obituaries
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_prematurely_reported_obituaries
Excerpt: A prematurely reported obituary is an obituary of someone who was still alive at the time of publication. Examples include that of inventor and philanthropist Alfred Nobel, whose premature obituary condemning him as a "merchant of death" for creating military explosives may have prompted him to create the Nobel Prize; black nationalist Marcus Garvey, whose actual death may have been precipitated by reading his own obituary; and actor Abe Vigoda, who was the subject of so many death reports and rumours that a website was created to state whether he was alive or dead.
This article lists the recipients of incorrect death reports (not just formal obituaries) from publications, media organisations, official bodies, and widely used information sources; but not mere rumours of deaths. People who were presumed (though not categorically declared) to be dead, and joke death reports that were widely believed, are also included.

Title: List of performances on Top of the Pops
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_performances_on_Top_of_the_Pops
Excerpt: This list of performances on Top of the Pops is a chronological account of popular songs performed by recording artists and musical ensembles on Top of the Pops, a weekly BBC One television programme that featured artists from the UK singles chart.
The BBC transmitted new installments of the programme weekly from January 1964 through July 2006, and later converted it into a radio programme. This list does not include performances from the radio programme.

Title: Prism (Katy Perry album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prism_(Katy_Perry_album)
Excerpt: Prism is the fourth studio album by American singer Katy Perry. It was released by Capitol Records on October 18, 2013. Although the album was initially planned to be "darker" than her previous material, Prism ultimately became a prominently dance-inspired record. Perry worked with several past collaborators, while enlisting new producers and guest vocals. Perry partially handled production with Dr. Luke, Max Martin, Stargate, Benny Blanco, Greg Wells, Cirkut, and others. The album includes a guest appearance from Juicy J of Three 6 Mafia. Much of Prism revolves around the themes of living in the present, relationships, and self-empowerment. The album received generally positive reviews; critics praised its lyrics for being more "mature" and personal, while others considered Prism more formulaic than her previous work.
Prism debuted at number one in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, Scotland, the United Kingdom, and the United States. It became Perry's fastest-selling album in the US, and the second-best-selling album in Australia in 2013. The International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) reported that Prism was the sixth best-selling album in the world in 2013, the best-selling album in the world in 2013 released by a woman, and labeled Perry "a global phenomenon." It has sold more than eight million copies worldwide and received multi-Platinum certifications in Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, India, Indonesia, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, the Philippines, Poland, and the US. Prism was also nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards.
"Roar" was released on August 10, 2013, as the album's lead single and topped the US Billboard Hot 100. A second single, "Unconditionally", debuted on October 16, 2013, and reached the top 10 in Italy. "Dark Horse" followed as the album's third single three months later on December 17, 2013, and reached number one in the United States. "Birthday" and "This Is How We Do" were the fourth and fifth singles, respectively. The track "Walking on Air" was also released as a promotional single. Prism was promoted further through the Prismatic World Tour. A concert from the tour was eventually released as The Prismatic World Tour Live in 2015.

Title: List of The Weekly with Charlie Pickering episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_The_Weekly_with_Charlie_Pickering_episodes
Excerpt: The Weekly with Charlie Pickering is an Australian news satire series on the ABC. The series premiered on 22 April 2015, and Charlie Pickering as host with Tom Gleeson, Adam Briggs, Kitty Flanagan (2015–2018) in the cast, and Judith Lucy joined the series in 2019. The first season consisted of 20 episodes and concluded on 22 September 2015. The series was renewed for a second season on 18 September 2015, which premiered on 3 February 2016. The series was renewed for a third season with Adam Briggs joining the team and began airing from 1 February 2017. The fourth season premiered on 2 May 2018 at the later timeslot of 9:05pm to make room for the season return of Gruen at 8:30pm, and was signed on for 20 episodes. 
Flanagan announced her departure from The Weekly With Charlie Pickering during the final episode of season four, but returned for The Yearly with Charlie Pickering special in December 2018. 
In 2019, the series was renewed for a fifth season with Judith Lucy announced as a new addition to the cast as a "wellness expert".
The show was pre-recorded in front of an audience in ABC's Ripponlea studio on the same day of its airing from 2015 to 2017. In 2018, the fourth season episodes were pre-recorded in front of an audience at the ABC Southbank Centre studios. In 2020, the show was filmed without a live audience due to COVID-19 pandemic restrictions and comedian Luke McGregor joined the show as a regular contributor. Judith Lucy did not return in 2021 and Zoë Coombs Marr joined as a new cast member in season 7 with the running joke that she was fired from the show in episode one yet she kept returning to work for the show.

Title: List of biographical films of the 2000s
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_biographical_films_of_the_2000s
Excerpt: The following is a list of biographical films released during the 2000s.