Title: Jesse Owens
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jesse_Owens
Excerpt: James Cleveland "Jesse" Owens (September 12, 1913 – March 31, 1980) was an American track and field athlete who made history at the 1936 Olympic Games by winning four gold medals, setting individual Olympic records in each event, plus another as a member of the 400-meter relay. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest athletes in track and field history.
Owens excelled in events like short sprints and the long jump and was recognized in his lifetime as "perhaps the greatest and most famous athlete in track and field history". He won four events, set five world records, and tied another—all in less than an hour, at the 1935 Big Ten Championships in Ann Arbor, Michigan, a feat that has never been equaled and has been called "the greatest 45 minutes ever in sport". He won four NCAA titles in both 1935 and 1936, bringing his total to eight—an unparalleled achievement that remains unmatched to this day.
He achieved international fame at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany, by winning four gold medals: 100 meters, long jump, 200 meters, and 4 × 100-meter relay. He was the most successful athlete at the Games and, as a black American man, was credited by ESPN with "single-handedly crushing Hitler's myth of Aryan supremacy".
The Jesse Owens Award is USA Track & Field's highest accolade for the year's best track and field athlete. In a 1950 Associated Press poll, Owens was voted the greatest track and field athlete for the first half of the century. In 1999, he was on the six-man short-list for the BBC's Sports Personality of the Century. That same year, he was ranked the sixth greatest North American athlete of the twentieth century and the highest-ranked in his sport by ESPN.

Title: LeBron James
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LeBron_James
Excerpt: LeBron Raymone James Sr. (born December 30, 1984) is an American professional basketball player for the Philadelphia 76ers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Nicknamed "King James", he is the NBA's all-time leading scorer and has won four NBA championships from 10 NBA Finals appearances, including eight consecutive appearances between 2011 and 2018. He has won three Olympic gold medals as a member of the U.S. national team, and is widely considered to be one of the greatest basketball players of all time and one of the greatest athletes in modern history.
In addition to ranking fourth in NBA career assists and sixth in NBA career steals, James holds several individual honors, including four NBA MVP awards, four Finals MVP awards, the Rookie of the Year award, three All-Star Game MVP awards, the inaugural NBA Cup MVP, and the Olympics MVP in the 2024 Summer Olympics. A record 22-time All-Star and 21-time All-NBA selection (including a record 13 First Team selections), he has also made six All-Defensive Teams. The oldest active player in the NBA, he holds records for the most seasons played with 23, the most games played, the most minutes played, and the most field goals made in league history.
Born and raised in Akron, Ohio, James gained national attention at St. Vincent–St. Mary High School and was heavily touted as a future NBA superstar for his all-around scoring, passing, athleticism and playmaking abilities. A prep-to-pro, the Cleveland Cavaliers selected James with the first overall pick of the 2003 NBA draft. He won Rookie of the Year and quickly established himself as one of the league's premier players, leading Cleveland to its first NBA Finals appearance in 2007 and winning the scoring title in 2008. After winning back-to-back MVPs in 2009 and 2010, he joined the Miami Heat as a free agent in 2010, a controversial move announced in the television special The Decision.
With the Heat, James won his first two NBA championships in 2012 and 2013, earning MVP and Finals MVP honors both years. After four seasons in Miami, he returned to Cleveland in 2014, leading the Cavaliers to their first-ever championship in 2016, ending the Cleveland sports curse. He signed with the Los Angeles Lakers in 2018, winning another title in 2020 and becoming the first player to win Finals MVP with three different teams. Off the court, James has earned further wealth and fame from numerous endorsement contracts. He is the first player in NBA history to accumulate $1 billion in earnings as an active player. James has been listed by Forbes as one of the world's ten highest-paid athletes fifteen times. In 2011, 2014 and 2017, he was selected for the Forbes 30 under 30 list in the Sports, Entertainment and All Star categories, and subsequently in the Forbes 30 under 30 Hall of Fame in 2022. He was among Time's 100 most influential people in the world in 2005, 2013, 2017, and 2019—the most selections for a professional athlete.

Title: Colin Jackson
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colin_Jackson
Excerpt: Colin Ray Jackson,  (born 18 February 1967) is a Welsh former sprint and hurdling athlete, sports commentator and television personality who specialised in the 110 metres hurdles. During a career in which he represented Great Britain and Wales, he won an Olympic silver medal, became world champion twice, world indoor champion once, was undefeated at the European Championships for 12 years and was twice Commonwealth champion. His world record of 12.91 seconds for the 110 m hurdles stood for nearly 13 years and his 60 metres hurdles world record stood for nearly 27 years.

Title: Grant Hackett
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Grant_Hackett
Excerpt: Grant George Hackett OAM (born 9 May 1980) is an Australian swimmer, most famous for winning the men's 1500 metres freestyle race at both the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. This achievement has led him to be regarded as one of the greatest distance swimmers in history. He also collected a gold medal in Sydney for swimming in the heats of the 4 × 200 m freestyle relay. He was well regarded for his versatility, and has held the long course world records in the 200 m, 800 m, and 1500 m freestyle events. He dominated the 1500 m event for a decade, being undefeated in the event in finals from 1996 until the 2007 World Aquatics Championships. In total, he won 10 long-course world championship gold medals.
Hackett was the captain of the Australian swimming team from the time the role was reintroduced in 2005 until his retirement in 2008.
Hackett worked for the Nine Network, often hosting Wide World of Sports.  Hackett's contract as a Westpac Banking Corporation ambassador was not renewed in February 2012 after 13 years in the role, but he remains an employee of the organisation. He is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Generation Life.

Title: Australia–United States sports rivalries
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australia%E2%80%93United_States_sports_rivalries
Excerpt: The Australia–United States sporting rivalry is one which spreads across multiple sports due to similar sporting cultures within the two countries. Despite the large difference in population, with the United States containing more than 10 times the inhabitants of Australia, many sports are tightly contested between the two nations at the highest level. The rivalry is mostly defined by good-natured banter and healthy competitiveness between the two nations with the Australian underdog spirit often punching well above its weight against an American sporting superpower, but it has occasionally spilled into more serious situations that have gone beyond the typically friendly relationship that has defined the rivalry in the past. The comments or actions that cross the line of good-humoured content are often used as bulletin board material by the opposition to build hype and motivation for an upcoming contest between the two nations.
Despite many sports being contested between the two nations, the US is better than Australia in almost all sports. All time, the United States is more successful than Australia in baseball, basketball, soccer, tennis, golf, swimming, track and field, lacrosse, ice hockey, boxing, volleyball, rowing, snowboarding, figure skating, gymnastics, sailing, cycling, weightlifting, wrestling, softball, canoeing, fencing, skiing, water polo, judo, diving, beach volleyball, archery, shooting, curling, bobsleigh, among others, while Australia is more successful than the US in cricket, rugby, netball and field hockey. The United States has won the Summer Olympic medal table 19 times and is ranked number 1 overall, while Australia has won the Summer Olympic medal table 0 times and is ranked number 10 overall. Australia is considered as the United States' "sporting little brother."