Title: Tumsa Nahin Dekha: A Love Story
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tumsa_Nahin_Dekha:_A_Love_Story
Excerpt: Tumsa Nahin Dekha: A Love Story (transl. I haven't seen anyone like you) is a 2004 Indian Hindi-language musical romance film directed by Anurag Basu and produced by Mukesh Bhatt. The film stars Emraan Hashmi and Dia Mirza in lead roles with Sharat Saxena, Surekha Sikri, Uday Tikekar, Atul Parchure and Anupam Kher in supporting roles. It was released on 24 September 2004. Upon release, the film received mixed reviews from critics and was a commercial failure.

Title: Drunk on You
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drunk_on_You
Excerpt: "Drunk on You" is a song written by Rodney Clawson, Chris Tompkins, and Josh Kear and recorded by American country music artist Luke Bryan. It was released in February 2012 as the third single from his album Tailgates & Tanlines. It was also the first single that Bryan did not have a hand in writing.

Title: Drunk in Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drunk_in_Love
Excerpt: "Drunk in Love" is a song by American singer Beyoncé featuring American rapper Jay-Z. The duo wrote the song with the help of its producers Detail, Andre Eric Proctor, Rasool Diaz, Brian Soko, Timbaland, J-Roc and Boots. The song was released as a single from Beyoncé's fifth studio album, Beyoncé, on December 16, 2013. The song features prominent influences of trap music. Its lyrics, which depict female sexuality, are performed in a confident, salacious manner.
Many music critics called the song a follow up to Beyoncé's and Jay-Z's song "Crazy in Love" (2003). "Drunk in Love" peaked at number two on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, spending eight weeks in the top ten. It peaked atop the music chart of South Africa and reached the top ten in France, Ireland, Lebanon, New Zealand, Portugal and the United Kingdom. At the 57th Annual Grammy Awards, "Drunk in Love" won Best R&B Song and Best R&B Performance.
The song's music video was directed by Hype Williams and shot in black-and-white in Golden Beach, Florida at a beach front manse. The visual features scenes of the pair singing the song together. "Drunk in Love" was performed by Beyoncé and Jay-Z at the 56th Grammy Awards. It was later added to the set lists of the second European leg of Beyoncé's The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour in 2013 and the pair's joint On the Run Tour in 2014. Numerous remixes and cover versions of the song were made, including an official remix with American rapper and collaborator of both artists, Kanye West. The music video won the Best Collaboration and was nominated for the Video of the Year at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards.

Title: Drunk (album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drunk_(album)
Excerpt: Drunk is the third studio album by American musician Thundercat, released on February 24, 2017, by Brainfeeder. It features guest appearances from Kenny Loggins, Michael McDonald, Kendrick Lamar, Wiz Khalifa, Mac Miller, Pharrell, Kamasi Washington and Louis Cole. It was released nearly four years after his previous studio album, Apocalypse.
Drunk incorporates a range of stylistic influences, including funk, hip hop, jazz, pop, psychedelia, punk rock, R&B, soft rock, and soul. The album received positive reviews from music critics. A ChopNotSlop remix from OG Ron C, DJ Candlestick, and the Chopstars entitled Drank was released as a special edition purple vinyl record.

Title: Stacey Ryan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stacey_Ryan
Excerpt: Stacey Ryan (born August 18, 2000) is a Canadian singer and songwriter. She initially received public attention in January 2022 after posting a snippet of her single, "Don't Text Me When You're Drunk", and asking users to finish the lyrics. Her subsequent single, "Fall in Love Alone", topped the Billboard's Indonesia Songs chart in 2022. She was signed to Island Records. She released her debut EP, I Don't Know What Love Is on April 7, 2023.