Title: Sam & Max
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sam_%26_Max
Excerpt: Sam & Max is an American media franchise about Sam and Max, a pair of anthropomorphic vigilante private investigators. The characters, who occupy a universe that parodies American popular culture, were created by Dave Purcell before being developed by his brother Steve Purcell in their youths, and later debuted in a 1987 comic book series. The characters have since been the subject of a graphic adventure video game developed by LucasArts, a television series produced for Fox in cooperation with Nelvana Limited, and a series of episodic adventure games developed by Telltale Games. In addition, a variety of machinima and a webcomic have been produced for the series.
The characters are based in a dilapidated office block in New York City. Sam is a six-foot-tall dog who wears a suit and a fedora, while Max is a short and aggressive "hyperkinetic rabbity thing". As the Freelance Police, both enjoy solving problems and cases as maniacally as possible, often with complete disregard for the law. Driving a seemingly indestructible black-and-white 1960 DeSoto Adventurer, the pair travel to many contemporary and historical locations to fight crime, including the Moon, Ancient Egypt, the White House and the Philippines, as well as several fictitious locations.
The series has been very successful despite its relatively limited amount of media, and has gathered a significant fan base. However, the franchise did not gain more widespread recognition until after the 1993 release of LucasArts' Sam & Max Hit the Road, which cultivated interest in Purcell's original comics. Sam & Max Hit the Road is regarded as an exceptional adventure game and an iconic classic of computer gaming in the 1990s. Subsequent video games and the television series have also fared well with both critics and fans; critics consider the episodic video games to be the first successful application of the episodic distribution model.

Title: Jeffrey Pollack
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeffrey_Pollack
Excerpt: Jeffrey Pollack (born c. 1965) is an American sports executive and business consultant. After a brief career in politics, Pollack moved into the industry of sports business where he's held executive roles with the NBA, NASCAR, World Series of Poker, Professional Bull Riders, Los Angeles Chargers and XFL.
Pollack was listed as one of Sports Business Journal's "40 Under 40" and was named twice to The Sporting News 100. He has also won two Emmy Awards. Pollack is married, and resides in both Los Angeles and Las Vegas. His half-brother is Gary Bettman, the Commissioner of the National Hockey League.
In 2011, Pollack launched Federated Sports+Gaming (FS+G) and the Epic Poker League. In early 2015, Pollack was hired as special adviser to the former San Diego Chargers. On January 22, 2019, Pollack was named as the President & Chief Operating Officer of the XFL.

Title: World Series
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series
Excerpt: The World Series is the annual championship series of Major League Baseball (MLB), a professional baseball league operating in the United States and Canada, contested between the champion teams of the American League (AL) and the National League (NL). The winning team, determined through a best-of-seven playoff, is declared the champions of the league (often called "world champions") and awarded the Commissioner's Trophy. It was first played in 1903 to determine the championship team of baseball after the American League declared itself the second major-league circuit in the United States to compete with the previously established National League. 
Qualification to the World Series is determined through a postseason tournament consisting of six teams per league — three teams who won their respective divisions and three teams who achieved the best win-loss record overall but failed to clinch a division title. The team which have won their league's tournament, or clinched a pennant, qualify for the World Series against the other league's pennant winner.
The series is traditionally played in October, although sometimes the series is played into November due to the expansion of the MLB postseason. Because the series is played in the fall (autumn) season in North America, it is often referred to as the Fall Classic.
Before the AL and NL were split into divisions in 1969, the team with the best regular-season win–loss record in each league won that league's pennant and advanced to the World Series, barring a tie necessitating a pennant playoff. Since the introduction of the Major League Baseball postseason playoff format in 1969, each league has conducted a League Championship Series (ALCS and NLCS) preceding the World Series to determine which of its teams will advance, while those series have been preceded in turn by Division Series (ALDS and NLDS) since 1995, and Wild Card games or series in each league since 2012. Until 2002, home-field advantage in the World Series alternated from year to year between the AL and NL. From 2003 to 2016, home-field advantage was given to the league that won that year's All-Star Game. Starting in 2017, home-field advantage was awarded to the league champion team with the better regular-season win–loss record regardless of that team's seeding in earlier postseason rounds (i.e. a Wild Card team in one league will be given home-field advantage over a division winner in the other league if it had the better record or wins the tie-breaking procedure).
The World Series has been contested 121 times through 2025, with the AL team winning 68 times and the NL team 53. The current World Series champions are the Los Angeles Dodgers of the National League, who defeated the AL's Toronto Blue Jays in seven games.

Title: List of Death in Paradise episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Death_in_Paradise_episodes
Excerpt: Death in Paradise is a British–French crime comedy drama created by Robert Thorogood. The show is set in the fictional Caribbean island of Saint Marie (filmed in Guadeloupe) and focuses on a detective inspector (DI) from the UK and his police team solving murder mysteries on the island.

Title: Global Poker Index
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_Poker_Index
Excerpt: The Global Poker Index (GPI) is a leaderboard index that ranks over 450,000 live tournament poker players in the world. The GPI poker rankings are updated on a weekly basis. Players’ performances are assessed by their finishing positions in poker tournaments occurring over six periods of six months (3 years).
The Global Poker Index uses data from the biggest poker database The Hendon Mob, known for collecting results of tournaments around the world and for being the reference in tournament results. They currently host results for over 325,000 poker tournaments.
The index is used in famous newspapers along with sports results to communicate poker rankings, both on the online and print version.