Title: Singapore National Olympic Council
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore_National_Olympic_Council
Excerpt: The Singapore National Olympic Council (SNOC) is the National Olympic Committee for the Republic of Singapore. It was founded in 1947 as the Singapore Olympic and Sports Council (SOSC) before renaming to its current iteration in 1970.
The SNOC is responsible for supporting, entering and overseeing Team Singapore for the Olympic Games, Youth Olympic Games, Winter Olympic Games, Winter Youth Olympic Games, SEA Games, Asian Games, Asian Youth Games and the Commonwealth Games.
The SNOC is currently headed by Grace Fu, who was elected on 5 January 2024 following the resignation of former President Tan Chuan Jin.

Title: Singapore at the Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singapore_at_the_Olympics
Excerpt: Singapore has sent athletes to the celebration of the Olympic Games since 1948, when it was established as a separate British crown colony from the Straits Settlements just over three months before the commencement of the 1948 Summer Olympics. It continued to send a team to the Games until 1964 when the Singaporean delegation competed with Malaysia, which sent a combined team.
Upon Singapore's full independence from Malaysia in 1965, the country continued to participate in all subsequent editions of the Summer Olympics except in 1980 when the country participated in a large United States–led boycott against the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. Singapore was the host of the inaugural Summer Youth Olympic Games in 2010.
Singapore made its debut at the Winter Olympic Games in 2018, with speed skater, Cheyenne Goh, competing in the short track speed skating event. The Singapore National Olympic Council (SNOC) is the National Olympic Committee for Singapore.

Title: Youth Olympic Games
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Youth_Olympic_Games
Excerpt: The Youth Olympic Games are an international multi-sport event for athletes aged 15 to 18 years old. Organized by the International Olympic Committee (IOC), the Games are held every four years in staggered summer and winter events consistent with the current Olympic Games format, though in reverse order with the Winter Olympic Games held in leap years instead of the Games of the Olympiad. The first summer version was held in Singapore from 14 to 26 August 2010 while the first winter version was held in Austria from 13 to 22 January 2012.
The idea of such an event was introduced by Johann Rosenzopf from Austria in 1998. On 6 July 2007, International Olympic Committee members at the 119th IOC session in Guatemala City approved the creation of a youth version of the Olympic Games, with the intention of sharing the costs of hosting the event between the IOC and the host city, whereas the travelling costs of athletes and coaches were to be paid by the IOC. These Games will also feature cultural exchange programs and opportunities for participants to meet Olympic athletes.
Several other Olympic events for youth, like the European Youth Olympic Festival held every other year with summer and winter versions, and the Australian Youth Olympic Festival, have proven successful.  The Youth Games are modelled after these sporting events, but have been held quadrenially. The YOG is also a successor to the discontinued World Youth Games.
The Summer Youth Olympic Games of Singapore in 2010 and Nanjing in 2014 each played host to 3600 athletes and lasted 13 days, whereas the Winter YOG of Innsbruck in 2012 had 1059 athletes and Lillehammer in 2016 had 1100 athletes and lasted 10 days. Even though this exceeded initial estimates, the YOG are still both smaller in size as well as shorter than their senior equivalents. The most recent Summer YOG was the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics held in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The most recent Winter YOG was the 2024 Winter Youth Olympics in Gangwon, South Korea. The next Summer YOG are scheduled to be held in Dakar, Senegal, in 2026. The next Winter YOG are scheduled to be held in 2028 and will be joint hosted by the Dolomites and Valtellina regions in Italy.
In 2026, IOC president Kirsty Coventry announced a restructuring of the Olympic movement and a pause on awarding any future editions of the Youth Olympic Games.

Title: 2010 Summer Youth Olympics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Summer_Youth_Olympics
Excerpt: The 2010 Summer Youth Olympics, officially known as the I Summer Youth Olympic Games, and commonly known as Singapore 2010, were the inaugural edition of the Youth Olympic Games (YOG), an Olympic Games-based event for young athletes. Held in Singapore from 14 to 26 August 2010, it was the first International Olympic Committee–sanctioned event held in Southeast Asia. The Games featured about 3,600 athletes aged 14–18 from 204 nations, who competed in 201 events in 26 sports. No official medal tables were published, but the most successful nation was China, followed by Russia; host Singapore did not win any gold medals. Most features that are unique to the YOG, such as mixed-NOCs teams (comprising youths from different countries) and the Culture and Education Programme (CEP), made their debut at the 2010 Games.
Although the concept dates back to 1998, formal plans for the YOG were only first announced at the 119th IOC session on 6 July 2007. On 21 February 2008, Singapore was selected as the host city after defeating Moscow 53–44 in a postal vote by 105 International Olympic Committee (IOC) members. The Singapore Youth Olympic Games Organising Committee (SYOGOC) prepared eighteen competition venues and twelve training venues. The Float@Marina Bay hosted the opening and closing ceremonies and the Youth Olympic Village was located at Nanyang Technological University (NTU). The committee also selected Games mascots Lyo and Merly (a lion and a female merlion), the Spirit of Youth emblem (through a design competition) and the theme song "Everyone", performed by five singers representing each major continent, combining North and South America.
Online media, Asian newspapers and 166 television broadcasters provided extensive coverage of the Games. The torch relay, which began on 23 July 2010, comprised a thirteen-day world tour of five cities, each representing a continent, and a six-day domestic leg. Highlights of the opening and closing ceremonies include performances about Singaporean history and culture, a 32-metre (35 yd) Olympic cauldron, flags being brought onto stage and items featuring YOG symbols. The Games were marred by discrepancies in the budget and attendance figures, two wrestlers caught doping, a walkover in the taekwondo final and allegations that Bolivian footballers were overage.

Title: List of Olympic medalists for Singapore
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Olympic_medalists_for_Singapore
Excerpt: Singapore debuted in the Olympics in 1948 but did not gain a medal. Since then, Singapore has participated in every Olympics edition except the 1980 Summer Olympics. The delegation won its first medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics when Tan Howe Liang gained silver in the Men's 67.5 kg event in weightlifting. The delegation won its first gold medal when Joseph Schooling succeeded in the Men's 100 meter butterfly in the 2016 Summer Olympics, also beating an Olympic record previously won by Michael Phelps. Overall, Singapore has won a gold medal, two silver medals, and three bronze medals.