Title: Battle of Manila Bay
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Manila_Bay
Excerpt: The Battle of Manila Bay, also known as the Battle of Cavite, took place on May 1, 1898, during the Spanish–American War. The American Asiatic Squadron under Commodore George Dewey engaged and destroyed the Spanish Pacific Squadron under Contraalmirante Patricio Montojo. The battle took place in Manila Bay in the Philippines, and was the first major engagement of the Spanish–American War. The battle was one of the most decisive naval battles in history and marked the end of the Spanish colonial period in Philippine history.
Tensions between Spain and the United States worsened over the Spanish conduct during their efforts to quell the Cuban War of Independence, with many Americans being agitated by largely falsified reports of Spanish atrocities against the Cuban population. In January 1898, fearing the fate of American interests in Cuba due to the war, the cruiser USS Maine was dispatched to protect them. Less than a month later, the warship exploded while lying at anchor in Havana harbor, killing 261 sailors onboard and inflaming American opinion. The U.S. Asiatic Squadron commanded by Dewey, a veteran of the American Civil War, was ordered to Hong Kong on 25 February as a precaution because of the presence of a Spanish fleet in the Philippines.
The U.S. declared a state of war with Spain on 25 April. On 1 May, the American squadron steamed into Manila Bay to engage with the Spanish. The Spanish, aware that they were hopelessly outgunned, made a desperate defense against the Americans. The battle was one sided, with superior American naval gunnery and seamanship ensuring the entire Spanish fleet, mostly made up of older style  cruisers and gunboats, would be sunk with only one death (from a heart attack) and nine injuries for the Americans. Upon realizing that the battle was hopeless, Montojo, who had kept his fleet close to the coast to help survivors swim to safety, ordered his two protected cruisers to be scuttled to prevent them from falling into the hands of the Americans. The battle remains one of the most significant naval battles in American maritime history.

Title: Battle of Manila (1898)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Manila_(1898)
Excerpt: The Battle of Manila (Filipino: Labanan sa Maynila; Spanish: Batalla de Manila), sometimes called the Mock Battle of Manila, was a land engagement which took place in Manila on August 13, 1898, at the end of the Spanish–American War, three months after the decisive victory by Commodore Dewey's Asiatic Squadron at the Battle of Manila Bay. The belligerents were Spanish forces led by Governor-General of the Philippines Fermín Jáudenes, and American forces led by United States Army Major General Wesley Merritt and United States Navy Commodore George Dewey. American forces were supported by units of the Philippine Revolutionary Army, led by Emilio Aguinaldo.
The battle that took place in Manila during the Philippine-Spanish War is commonly referred to as the "Mock battle of Manila". This unique and covert operation was meticulously planned by the local commanders of the Spanish and American forces, who were legally at war with each other. Their clandestine collaboration aimed to orchestrate a simulated battle that would facilitate the transfer of control over the city center from the Spanish to the Americans, all while ensuring that the Philippine Revolutionary Army would be kept at bay. The underlying motivations for this meticulously coordinated sham battle were multi-faceted, encompassing both racist and political elements. Consequently, the outcome of this strategic maneuver left the American forces in control of Intramuros, the heart of Manila, while being encircled by Philippine revolutionary forces.
This battle set the stage for the Battle of Manila in 1899, which marked the beginning of the Philippine–American War.

Title: Battle of Manila
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Manila
Excerpt: Battle of Manila may refer to:

Title: Battle of Manila (1899)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Manila_(1899)
Excerpt: The Battle of Manila (Filipino: Labanan sa Maynila; Spanish: Batalla de Manila), the first and largest battle of the Philippine–American War, was fought on February 4–5, 1899, between 19,000 American soldiers and 15,000 Filipino armed militiamen. Armed conflict erupted when American troops, tasked with preventing the Filipino encampment from moving closer, fired on a nearby group. Philippine President Emilio Aguinaldo attempted to broker a ceasefire, but American General Elwell Stephen Otis rejected it, and fighting escalated the next day. It ended in an American victory, although minor skirmishes continued for several days afterward.

Title: Battle of Manila (1945)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Manila_(1945)
Excerpt: The Battle of Manila (3 February – 3 March  1945) was a major battle during the Philippine campaign of 1944–45, during the Second World War. It was fought by forces from both the United States and the Philippines against Imperial Japanese troops in Manila, the capital city of the Philippines. The month-long battle, which resulted in the death of at least 100,000 civilians and the complete devastation of the city, was the scene of the worst urban fighting fought by American forces in the Pacific theater. During the battle, Japanese forces committed mass murder against Filipino civilians, while American firepower also killed many people. The fierce resistance of Japanese troops entrenched in many of the city's landmarks, along with the usage of massed artillery barrages by American forces to dislodge them, destroyed much of Manila's architectural and cultural heritage dating back to the city's founding. Often referred to as "the Stalingrad of Asia", the battle is widely considered to be one of the most destructive urban battles ever fought, as well as the single largest urban battle ever fought by American forces. 
The battle caused Manila to become one of the most devastated capital cities of the Second World War, alongside Berlin and Warsaw. The Allied victory contributed greatly to ending almost three years of Japanese military occupation in the Philippines (1942–1945). Manila's capture was seen as General Douglas MacArthur's key to victory in the campaign to liberate the islands, although heavy fighting continued in Luzon (and elsewhere in the Philippines) until the end of the war in August 1945. It is, to date, the last battle fought within Manila.