Title: List of international sports federations
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_international_sports_federations
Excerpt: This is a list of international sports federations, each of which serves as a non-governmental governing body for a given sport and administers its sport at a world level, most often crafting rules, promoting the sport to prospective spectators and fans, developing prospective players, and organizing world or continental championships. Some international sports federations, such as World Aquatics and the International Skating Union, may oversee multiple activities referred to in common parlance as separate sports: World Aquatics, for example, governs swimming, diving, synchronised swimming, and water polo as separate "disciplines" within the single "sport" of Aquatics.
International sports federations form an integral part of the Olympic and Paralympic movements. Each Olympic sport is represented by its respective international sports federation, which in turn helps administer the events in its respective sport during the Games. For a sport to become an Olympic sport, its international sports federation must be recognized by the International Olympic Committee.
Likewise, an international sports federation must be recognized by the International Paralympic Committee for its sport to become a Paralympic sport, though in the latter case, several Paralympic Sports are governed by a dedicated committee of the International Paralympic Committee itself, under the World Para branding; for example, track and field athletics for disabled athletes is governed by the IPC itself, under the name "World Para Athletics". Other Paralympic sports are governed within the structure of the able-bodied equivalent; for example, the UCI governs both able-bodied and Paralympic cycling.

Title: Outline of sports
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outline_of_sports
Excerpt: The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to sports:

Title: World Combat Games
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Combat_Games
Excerpt: The World Combat Games (GAISF World Combat Games / SportAccord World Combat Games) is an international multi-sport event featuring combat sports and martial arts. The games were founded by the Global Association of International Sports Federations (GAISF), now known as SportAccord, as a way of bringing various martial arts and combative sports to an international audience. The World Combat Games are also accompanied by a cultural program that reflects the ancient traditions and values of martial arts, as well as their contribution to modern society. The games are recognised by the International Olympic Committee.
In 2019, it was announced the World Combat Games would be held quadrennially. The host and venue for the 2027 World Combat Games has not been announced.

Title: International Virtus Sports Federation
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Virtus_Sports_Federation
Excerpt: Virtus Sport (formerly INAS or INAS Sport) (International Sports Federation for Persons with Intellectual Disability; originally called INAS-FMH, later INAS-FID, INAS and now as Virtus Sport) is a federation which was established in 1986 by professionals in the Netherlands who were involved in sport and wanted to promote the participation of athletes with mental handicap in elite sports (intellectual impairment).
The organisation uses the brand name Virtus to promote sport worldwide for athletes with intellectual disability, autism and Down syndrome.
It provides competition opportunities for elite athletes with an intellectual disability in Paralympic and non-Paralympic sports and is different from Special Olympics, which provides non-elite opportunities worldwide.

Title: 2012 World Mind Sports Games
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2012_World_Mind_Sports_Games
Excerpt: The 2012 World Mind Sports Games were held in Lille, France, from 9 to 23 August 2012. The meeting started during the 2012 Summer Olympics and ending shortly before the 2012 Summer Paralympics, both in London. This was the second rendition of the World Mind Sports Games, which was inaugurated in 2008 in Beijing. The mind sport games had about 2000 players from 95 nations—down from 2,763 competitors and 143 countries at the 1st Games. More than half of the gold medals were contested at draughts and Russia, with the strongest draughts squad, won the most gold and most overall medals. China won five gold medals—all five events contested at Xiangqi. Chinese Taipei won four gold medals—four of the five events contested at go.