Title: With a Little Help from My Friends
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/With_a_Little_Help_from_My_Friends
Excerpt: "With a Little Help from My Friends" is a song recorded by English rock band the Beatles for their 1967 album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. It was written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney, and is sung by drummer Ringo Starr (as Sgt. Pepper singer Billy Shears), as his lead vocal for the album. As the second track on the album, it segues from the applause on the title track.
A subsequent recording of the track by Joe Cocker from his album of the same name became a success in 1968—topping the UK Singles Chart—and an anthem for the Woodstock era. In 1978, the Beatles' recording, paired with "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band", was reissued as a single, and peaked at number 63 in Britain and number 71 on the United States Billboard Hot 100. Starr has regularly performed the song in concert as a solo artist. The song was ranked number 311 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

Title: Wet Wet Wet
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_Wet_Wet
Excerpt: Wet Wet Wet are a Scottish soft rock band formed in 1982 in Clydebank by Marti Pellow (lead vocals), Graeme Clark (bass), Graeme Duffin (guitar) and Tommy Cunningham (drums). The bands debut album, Popped In Souled Out (1987) spawned four successful singles, including "Wishing I Was Lucky" and "Angel Eyes (Home and Away)", with the album peaking atop the albums charts in the United Kingdom, selling 1.5 million copies and earning a 5x Platinum certification from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). 
The lead single from their fourth album, Picture This (1995), "Love Is All Around", topped the singles charts in the United Kingdom, Australia, Denmark, Iceland, Sweden and their native Scotland. Spending a total of fifteen consecutive weeks at number one on the UK Singles Charts, it became one of the longest chart reigns of all time in the United Kingdom, where it sold over 1.9 million copies. The band dissolved in 1997 following the release of their fifth album, 10. The band reformed in 2004 with the original members, and released their fifth album, Timeless in 2007. 
The band is currently composed of founding member Graeme Clark (bass, vocals) and lead vocalist Kevin Simm, who replaced founding member Marti Pellow in 2018 after he left during the previous year. Graeme Duffin (lead guitar, vocals) has also been with the band as a touring musician since 1983. The band were named Best British Newcomer at the 1988 Brit Awards.

Title: Gangrene
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gangrene
Excerpt: Gangrene is a type of tissue death caused by a lack of blood supply. Symptoms may include a change in skin color to red or black, numbness, swelling, pain, skin breakdown, and coolness. The feet and hands are most commonly affected. If the gangrene is caused by an infectious agent, it may present with a fever or sepsis.
Risk factors include diabetes, peripheral arterial disease, smoking, major trauma, alcoholism, HIV/AIDS, frostbite, influenza, dengue fever, malaria, chickenpox, plague, hypernatremia, radiation injuries, meningococcal disease, Group B streptococcal infection and Raynaud's syndrome. It can be classified as dry gangrene, wet gangrene, gas gangrene, internal gangrene, and necrotizing fasciitis. The diagnosis of gangrene is based on symptoms and supported by tests such as medical imaging.
Treatment may involve surgery to remove the dead tissue, antibiotics to treat any infection, and efforts to address the underlying cause. Surgical efforts may include debridement, amputation, or the use of maggot therapy. Efforts to treat the underlying cause may include bypass surgery or angioplasty. In certain cases, hyperbaric oxygen therapy may be useful. How commonly the condition occurs is unknown.

Title: The Greatest Hits (Wet Wet Wet album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Greatest_Hits_(Wet_Wet_Wet_album)
Excerpt: The Greatest Hits is the second greatest hits compilation album by Scottish pop rock quartet Wet Wet Wet. Released on 8 November 2004, it was the band's first release since disbanding seven years earlier. The album reached No. 13 in the UK Albums Chart, and spawned the single "All I Want", which peaked at No. 14 on the UK Singles Chart.
The album contains a selection of singles from across the band's ten-year career, as well as three previously unreleased tracks. A limited edition double-disc version of the album, containing further singles plus five previously unreleased live recordings, was also made available for a limited time from the day of release.
"All I Want" was one of five new songs recorded for the campaign with two further new recordings, "Hear Me Now" and "(Feels Like I'm) Walking on Water", appear on the album itself, and "Learn from Each Mistake" and "I Don't Wanna Fight Anymore" appear as B-sides on the All I Want single release.

Title: Wet Wet Wet discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_Wet_Wet_discography
Excerpt: This is the discography of Scottish soft rock band Wet Wet Wet consists of seven studio albums, six compilation albums, three live albums and thirty-three singles. They released their debut album, Popped In Souled Out in September 1987, which spawned the commercially success singles "Wishing I Was Lucky", "Sweet Little Mystery", "Angel Eyes (Home and Away)" and "Temptation". The album peaked at number one on the UK Albums Charts, and earned a 5x Platinum certification from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for sales in excess of 1.5 million copies. Their second album was released two years later in 1989, Holding Back the River, which was supported by the lead single "Sweet Surrender" which was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA) where it reached the top ten of the ARIA Charts, as well as in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Ireland. 
Their third album, High on the Happy Side, was released in January 1992, followed by their fourth, Picture This (1995). The laters lead single, "Love Is All Around" became an international success, spending fifteen weeks atop the UK Singles Charts, becoming one of the longest chart reigns of all time. It reached number one in their native Scotland, as well as in other territories including Norway, New Zealand, Australia, Finland and Iceland. It sold an estimated 1.9 million copies in the United Kingdom, earning a triple Platinum certification from the BPI. Their fifth album, 10, was released in 1997, and marked the beginning of a ten year hiatus for the band before returning with their sixth studio album, Timeless, in 2007.