Title: 22nd Annual Grammy Awards
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/22nd_Annual_Grammy_Awards
Excerpt: The 22nd Annual Grammy Awards were held on February 27, 1980, at Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles, and were broadcast live on American television. They recognized accomplishments by musicians from the year 1979. This year was notable for being the first year to have a designated category for Rock music.
Album of the Year went to Phil Ramone and Billy Joel for 52nd Street, and Song of the Year went to Kenny Loggins and Michael McDonald for "What a Fool Believes".

Title: A Star Is Born (1976 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Star_Is_Born_(1976_film)
Excerpt: A Star Is Born is a 1976 American musical romantic drama film directed by Frank Pierson, written by Pierson, John Gregory Dunne, and Joan Didion. It stars Barbra Streisand as an unknown singer and Kris Kristofferson as an established rock and roll star. The two fall in love, only to find her career ascending while his goes into decline.
The film is a remake of the 1937 film with Janet Gaynor and Fredric March, notably adapted in 1954 as a musical starring Judy Garland and James Mason; and subsequently again in 2018 with Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper. It features songs written by Streisand, Paul Williams and Kenneth Ascher, with underscore by Roger Kellaway.
A Star Is Born premiered at the Mann Village Theater on December 18, 1976, with a wide release by Warner Bros. the following day. A huge box office success, grossing $80 million on a $6 million budget in North America, it emerged as the second highest-grossing of the year. Reviews praised its performances and musical score, but criticized the screenplay and runtime. At the 49th Academy Awards, the film was nominated in three categories and won Best Original Song for its love theme "Evergreen".

Title: Guilty (Barbra Streisand and Barry Gibb song)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guilty_(Barbra_Streisand_and_Barry_Gibb_song)
Excerpt: "Guilty" is a vocal duet between Barbra Streisand and Barry Gibb. The song was written by all three Bee Gees: Barry, Robin & Maurice Gibb. Released as a single from Streisand's 1980 album of the same name, "Guilty" peaked at No. 3 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and No. 5 on the adult contemporary chart. In the UK, the song reached No. 34 on the UK Singles Chart. The single was certified gold by the RIAA. In addition, "Guilty" won a Grammy Award in the category Best Pop Vocal Performance, Duo or Group. The song also appeared on the 2001 Bee Gees compilation, Their Greatest Hits: The Record.
There is also a version by Tom Jones and Gladys Knight.

Title: Yentl (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yentl_(film)
Excerpt: Yentl is a 1983 American romantic musical drama film co-written, co-produced, directed by, and starring Barbra Streisand in her directorial debut. It is based on Isaac Bashevis Singer's short story "Yentl the Yeshiva Boy".
The film incorporates music to tell the story of Yentl Mendel, an Ashkenazi Jewish woman in Poland in 1904 who decides to disguise herself as a man named Anshel so that she can receive an education in Talmudic law. The film's musical score and songs, composed by Michel Legrand, with lyrics by Alan and Marilyn Bergman, include the songs "Papa, Can You Hear Me?" and "The Way He Makes Me Feel", both sung by Streisand. 
Yentl was theatrically released in the United States on November 18, 1983, by MGM/UA Entertainment Company. It received generally positive reviews from critics, and was a box-office success, grossing $68.7 million against the production budget of $12 million. The film received the Academy Award for Best Original Song Score and the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture—Musical or Comedy and Best Director for Streisand, making her the first woman to win Best Director at the Golden Globes.

Title: Partners (Barbra Streisand album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Partners_(Barbra_Streisand_album)
Excerpt: Partners is the thirty-fourth studio album by American singer Barbra Streisand, released on September 16, 2014, by Columbia Records. The album features Streisand singing duets with an all-male lineup including Stevie Wonder, Michael Bublé, Billy Joel, John Legend, John Mayer, Andrea Bocelli, Lionel Richie, and from an earlier recording, Elvis Presley (who died in 1977).  The collection also features Streisand's first studio-recorded duet with her then-47-year-old son, Jason Gould.  The album release was promoted on The Tonight Show, where Streisand was the evening's sole guest and sang a medley with host Jimmy Fallon.
While the recordings are new, most of the songs have a previous history as Streisand releases.  Two classic Streisand duets are updated with new partners: "What Kind of Fool", newly performed with John Legend (originally with Barry Gibb) and "Lost Inside of You", newly performed with Kenny Edmonds (originally with Kris Kristofferson).  The deluxe edition features an additional duet with Edmonds along with previously released material featuring Frank Sinatra (who died in 1998), Bryan Adams, Barry Manilow, and Barry Gibb (from The Bee Gees).
Partners is one of 2014's best-selling albums in the US, having sold 856,000 copies.
Partners topped the Billboard 200 with sales of 196,000 copies in the first week, making Streisand the only recording artist to have a number-one album in six different decades (1960s, 1970s, 1980s, 1990s, 2000s, and 2010s.) It was also certified gold in November 2014 and platinum in January 2015, thus becoming Streisand's 52nd gold and 31st Platinum album (she also has 7 Gold-certified singles to her credit), more than any other female artist in history.
The album was nominated for Best Traditional Pop Vocal album at the 57th Grammy Awards.
Streisand released the companion album The Secret of Life: Partners, Volume Two in 2025.