Title: Mount Everest
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mount_Everest
Excerpt: Mount Everest (known in Nepali as Sagarmāthā, in Sherpa as Chamolangma, and in Tibetan  as Jomolangma/Čhomolangma is the highest mountain on Earth above sea level. It lies in the Mahalangur Himal sub-range of the Himalayas and marks part of the China–Nepal border at its summit. Its height was most recently measured in 2020 through a joint survey by Nepalese and Chinese authorities as 8,848.86 m (29,031 ft 8+1⁄2 in).
Mount Everest attracts many climbers, including highly experienced mountaineers. There are two main climbing routes, one approaching the summit from the southeast in Nepal (known as the standard route) and the other from the north in China. While not posing substantial technical climbing challenges on the standard route, Everest presents dangers such as altitude sickness, weather, and wind, as well as hazards from avalanches and the Khumbu Icefall. As of May 2024, 340 people have died on Everest. Over 200 bodies remain on the mountain and have not been removed due to the dangerous conditions.
Climbers typically ascend only part of Mount Everest's elevation, as the mountain's full elevation is measured from the geoid, which approximates sea level. The closest sea to Mount Everest's summit is the Bay of Bengal, almost 700 km (430 mi) away. To approximate a climb of the entire height of Mount Everest, one would need to start from this coastline, a feat accomplished by Tim Macartney-Snape's team in 1990. Climbers usually begin their ascent from base camps above 5,000 m (16,404 ft). The amount of elevation climbed from below these camps varies. On the Tibetan side, most climbers drive directly to the North Base Camp. On the Nepalese side, climbers generally fly into Kathmandu, then Lukla, and trek to the South Base Camp, making the climb from Lukla to the summit about 6,000 m (20,000 ft) in elevation gain.
The first recorded efforts to reach Everest's summit were made by British mountaineers. As Nepal did not allow foreigners to enter the country at the time, the British made several attempts on the North Ridge route from the Tibetan side. After the first reconnaissance expedition by the British in 1921 reached 7,000 m (22,966 ft) on the North Col, the 1922 expedition on its first summit attempt marked the first time a human had climbed above 8,000 m (26,247 ft) and it also pushed the North Ridge route up to 8,321 m (27,300 ft). On the 1924 expedition, George Mallory and Andrew Irvine made a final summit attempt on 8 June but never returned, leading to debate as to whether they were the first to reach the top. Tenzing Norgay and Edmund Hillary made the first documented ascent of Everest in 1953, using the Southeast Ridge route. Norgay had reached 8,595 m (28,199 ft) the previous year as a member of the 1952 Swiss expedition. The Chinese mountaineering team of Wang Fuzhou, Gonpo, and Qu Yinhua made the first reported ascent of the peak from the North Ridge on 25 May 1960.

Title: Seven Summits
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_Summits
Excerpt: The Seven Summits are the highest mountains on each of the seven traditional continents. On 30 April 1985, Richard Bass became the first climber to reach the summit of all seven.
In January 2023, Climbing said "Today, the Seven Summits are a relatively common—almost cliché—tour of each continent's highest peak", and while reaching the peak of the "Seven Summits" is no longer considered a significant achievement amongst mountaineers, it remains a popular challenge for "adventure mountaineers" using expedition climbing techniques.

Title: Reinhold Messner
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reinhold_Messner
Excerpt: Reinhold Andreas Messner (German: [ˈʁaɪnhɔlt ˈmɛsnɐ]; born 17 September 1944) is an Italian climber, explorer, and author from the German-speaking province of South Tyrol. He made the first solo ascent of Mount Everest and, along with Peter Habeler, the first ascent of Everest without supplementary oxygen. He was the first person to climb all 14 eight-thousanders, doing so without supplementary oxygen. Messner was the first to cross Antarctica and Greenland with neither snowmobiles nor dog sleds and also crossed the Gobi Desert alone. He is widely considered to be the greatest high-altitude mountaineer of all time.
From 1999 to 2004, Messner served as a member of the European Parliament for north-east Italy, as a member of the Federation of the Greens.
Messner has published more than 80 books about his experiences as a climber and explorer. In 2010, he received the 2nd Piolet d'Or Lifetime Achievement Award. In 2018, he received jointly with Krzysztof Wielicki the Princess of Asturias Award in the category of Sports.

Title: Seven Second Summits
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_Second_Summits
Excerpt: The Seven Second Summits are the second-highest mountains of each of the seven continents. All of these mountains are separate peaks rather than a sub-peak of the continents' high point. The Seven Second Summits are considered a harder challenge than the traditional Seven Summits.

Title: Jamie Clarke (adventurer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamie_Clarke_(adventurer)
Excerpt: Jamie Clarke (born 1968) is a Canadian mountaineer, filmmaker, actor, and public speaker. He has stood on top of Mount Everest twice in 1997 and 2010, climbed the Seven Summits, and is one of the few westerners who have crossed The Empty Quarter on camels. In 2019, Clarke crossed the Mongolian desert, travelling east to west, with his son Khobe. They travelled on motorbikes, then summited Khüiten Peak, the highest mountain in Mongolia.
Clarke has developed a career as a public speaker and media personality, drawing on his adventure and business experiences. He is a regular contributor to CBC Calgary on hiking and camping. He has also coached mental toughness, helping the Canadian national hockey team in 2018 in PyeongChang, and working with the Washington Capitals on their way to the Stanley Cup Final in 2018. Until their closure in 2017, Clarke operated two outdoor equipment retail businesses, The Out There Adventure Centre and LiveOutThere.com.
Clarke lives in Calgary, AB, with his family.