Title: Jim Thompson (writer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Thompson_(writer)
Excerpt: James Myers Thompson (September 27, 1906 – April 7, 1977) was an American novelist and screenwriter, known for his hardboiled crime fiction.
Thompson wrote more than 30 novels, the majority of which were original paperback publications, published from the late-1940s through mid-1950s. Despite some positive critical notice—notably by Anthony Boucher in The New York Times—he was little-recognized in his lifetime. Only after death did Thompson's literary stature grow. In the late 1980s, several of his novels were re-published in the Black Lizard series of re-discovered crime fiction.
His best-regarded works include The Killer Inside Me, Savage Night, A Hell of a Woman and Pop. 1280. In these works, Thompson turned the derided crime genre into literature and art, featuring unreliable narrators, odd structure, and the quasi-surrealistic inner narratives of the last thoughts of his dying or dead characters. A number of Thompson's books were adapted as popular films, including The Getaway and The Grifters.
The writer Ronald Verlin Cassill has suggested that of all crime fiction, Thompson's was the rawest and most harrowing; that neither Dashiell Hammett nor Raymond Chandler nor Horace McCoy ever "wrote a book within miles of Thompson". Similarly, in the introduction to Now and on Earth, Stephen King says he most admires Thompson's work because "The guy was over the top. The guy was absolutely over the top. Big Jim didn't know the meaning of the word stop. There are three brave 'lets' inherent in the foregoing: He let himself see everything, he let himself write it down, then he let himself publish it."
Thompson was called a "Dimestore Dostoevsky" by writer Geoffrey O'Brien. Film director Stephen Frears, who directed an adaptation of Thompson's The Grifters in 1990, also identified elements of Greek tragedy in his themes.

Title: The Killer Inside Me
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Killer_Inside_Me
Excerpt: The Killer Inside Me is a 1952 novel by American writer Jim Thompson.
In the introduction to the anthology Crime Novels: American Noir of the 1950s, it is described as "one of the most blistering and uncompromising crime novels ever written."

Title: The Killer Inside Me (2010 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Killer_Inside_Me_(2010_film)
Excerpt: The Killer Inside Me is a 2010 American crime drama and an adaptation of the 1952 novel by Jim Thompson. The film is directed by Michael Winterbottom and stars Casey Affleck, Jessica Alba, and Kate Hudson. It is the second film adaptation of Thompson's novel, the first being 1976's The Killer Inside Me, directed by Burt Kennedy.
At its release, the film was criticised for its graphic depiction of violence directed toward women.

Title: The Killer Inside Me (1976 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Killer_Inside_Me_(1976_film)
Excerpt: The Killer Inside Me is a 1976 American neo-noir crime drama film directed by Burt Kennedy and based on Jim Thompson's novel of the same name. In this adaptation, the action was shifted from the west Texas oilfields to a Montana mining town, and several other changes were made. It stars Stacy Keach, Susan Tyrrell, and Tisha Sterling.
A 2010 remake was directed by Michael Winterbottom.

Title: The Killer Inside Me (disambiguation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Killer_Inside_Me_(disambiguation)
Excerpt: The Killer Inside Me is a 1952 novel by American writer Jim Thompson.
The Killer Inside Me may also refer to:

The Killer Inside Me (1976 film), a film directed by Burt Kennedy, starring Stacy Keach, based on Thompson's novel
The Killer Inside Me (2010 film), a film directed by Michael Winterbottom, starring Casey Affleck, also based on Thompson's novel
The Killer Inside Me (album), an album by Green on Red
"The Killer Inside Me", a single from the album Welcome to My Dream by MC 900 Foot Jesus