Title: Kinuyo Tanaka
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kinuyo_Tanaka
Excerpt: Kinuyo Tanaka (Japanese: 田中 絹代, Hepburn: Tanaka Kinuyo; 29 November 1909 – 21 March 1977) was a Japanese actress and film director. She had a career lasting over 50 years with more than 250 acting credits, but was best known for her 15 films with director Kenji Mizoguchi, such as The Life of Oharu (1952) and Ugetsu (1953). With her 1953 directorial debut, Love Letter, Tanaka became the second Japanese woman to direct a film, after Tazuko Sakane. Tanaka won the Silver Bear for Best Actress for her performance in the film Sandakan No. 8 (1974).

Title: Kenji Mizoguchi
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenji_Mizoguchi
Excerpt: Kenji Mizoguchi (溝口 健二, Mizoguchi Kenji; 16 May 1898 – 24 August 1956) was a Japanese filmmaker who directed roughly one hundred films during his career between 1923 and 1956. His most acclaimed works include The Story of the Last Chrysanthemums (1939), The Life of Oharu (1952), Ugetsu (1953), and Sansho the Bailiff (1954), with the latter three all being awarded at the Venice International Film Festival. A recurring theme of his films was the oppression of women in historical and contemporary Japan. Together with Akira Kurosawa and Yasujirō Ozu, Mizoguchi is seen as a representative of the "golden age" of Japanese cinema.

Title: Ugetsu
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ugetsu
Excerpt: Ugetsu (雨月物語, Ugetsu Monogatari, lit. "Rain-moon tales") is a 1953 Japanese period fantasy film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi starring Masayuki Mori and Machiko Kyō. It is based on the stories "The House in the Thicket" and "The Lust of the White Serpent" from Ueda Akinari's 1776 book Ugetsu Monogatari, combining elements of the jidaigeki (period drama) genre with a ghost story.
Drawing from Ueda's tales, the film is set in Japan's civil war–torn Azuchi–Momoyama period (1568–1600). In a small rural community, a potter leaves his wife and young son behind to make money selling pottery and ends up being seduced by a spirit that makes him forget all about his family. A subplot, inspired by Guy de Maupassant's 1883 short story "How He Got the Legion of Honor" ("Décoré !"), involves his brother-in-law, who dreams of becoming a samurai and chases this goal at the unintended expense of his wife.
The film won the Silver Lion Award at the 1953 Venice Film Festival and other honours. Ugetsu is one of Mizoguchi's most celebrated films, regarded by critics as a masterpiece of Japanese cinema, credited with simultaneously helping to popularize Japanese cinema in the West and influencing later Japanese film.

Title: Kenji Mizoguchi: The Life of a Film Director
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kenji_Mizoguchi:_The_Life_of_a_Film_Director
Excerpt: Kenji Mizoguchi: The Life of a Film Director (Japanese: ある映画監督の生涯 溝口健二の記録, Hepburn: Aru Eiga-kantoku no Shōgai Mizoguchi Kenji no Kiroku) is a 1975 Japanese documentary film on the life and works of director Kenji Mizoguchi. It was produced, written and directed by Kaneto Shindō.

Title: The 47 Ronin (1941 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_47_Ronin_(1941_film)
Excerpt: The 47 Ronin (元禄 忠臣蔵, Genroku Chūshingura; "The Treasury of Loyal Retainers of the Genroku Era") is a black-and-white two-part jidaigeki Japanese film directed by Kenji Mizoguchi, adapted from a play by Seika Mayama. The first part was released on December 1, 1941, with the second part being released on February 11 of the following year. The film depicts the legendary forty-seven Ronin and their plot to avenge the death of their lord, Asano Naganori, by killing Kira Yoshinaka, a shogunate official responsible for Asano being forced to commit seppuku.