Title: What Is Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/What_Is_Love
Excerpt: "What Is Love" is the debut single of Trinidadian-German musician Haddaway, from his debut album, The Album (1993). The song, both written and produced by Dee Dee Halligan and Karin Hartmann-Eisenblätter, was released by Coconut Records in January 1993. It was a hit across Europe, becoming a number-one single in at least 13 countries and reaching number two in Germany, Sweden and the United Kingdom. Outside Europe, the single peaked at number 11 in the United States, number 12 in Australia, number 17 in Canada, and number 48 in New Zealand.
"What Is Love" earned Haddaway two awards at the German 1994 Echo Award, in the categories "Best National Single" and "Best National Dance Single." The music video for "What Is Love" was directed by Volker Hannwacker and received heavy rotation on music television such as MTV Europe. The song remains Haddaway's most popular and signature song.

Title: John Simon (music producer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Simon_(music_producer)
Excerpt: John Simon (born August 11, 1941) is an American music producer, composer, writer and performer. Recognized as one of the top record producers in the United States during the late 1960s and the 1970s, some of Simon's most well known work includes the Band’s Music from Big Pink, The Band, and The Last Waltz, Cheap Thrills by Big Brother & the Holding Company featuring Janis Joplin, Songs of Leonard Cohen by Leonard Cohen, and Child Is Father to the Man by Blood, Sweat & Tears.

Title: Southside (music producer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Southside_(music_producer)
Excerpt: Joshua Howard Luellen (born February 2, 1989), known professionally as Southside (also known as Sizzle or Yung Sizzle), is an American record producer, rapper and songwriter. Based in Atlanta, he is recognized in the music industry for his aggressive, trap-infused production work for prominent hip hop artists. After meeting hometown rapper Waka Flocka Flame, Luellen signed with his record label Brick Squad Monopoly—an imprint of Gucci Mane's 1017 Records—as in-house talent in 2010. Luellen and labelmate, fellow producer Lex Luger established the production team 808 Mafia that same year; it was credited on several commercially successful releases throughout the remaining decade. 
As a lead artist, Luellen signed with Epic Records to release his collaborative album with G Herbo, Swervo (2018), which peaked at number 15 on the Billboard 200. His 2022 single, "Hold That Heat" (with Future featuring Travis Scott) marked his first entry—at number 57—on the Billboard Hot 100. Despite not performing on both, he has released several mixtapes as a recording artist.

Title: Detail (music producer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Detail_(music_producer)
Excerpt: Noel Christopher Fisher (born October 9, 1978), professionally known as Detail, is an American record producer, singer, songwriter and rapper. Hailing from Detroit, Michigan, Detail is best known for producing several hit singles, including "Sexy Can I" by Ray J, "I'm So Paid" by Akon, "How to Love" by Lil Wayne, "Drunk in Love" and "711" by Beyoncé, and "We Dem Boyz" by Wiz Khalifa. He released his debut studio album, Noel in December 2015.

Title: Jvke
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jvke
Excerpt: Jacob Dodge Lawson (born March 3, 2001), known professionally as Jvke (stylized in all caps and pronounced "Jake"), is an American singer-songwriter, record producer, and social media personality. During the COVID-19 lockdowns, he started creating TikTok videos for his songs, one of which, "Upside Down", went viral in 2021. His debut album, This Is What ____ Feels Like (Vol. 1–4), peaked at number 40 on the Billboard 200, while the song "Golden Hour" peaked at number 10 on the Billboard Hot 100. Lawson was named the MTV Push Artist for October 2022, and he performed "Golden Hour" live on the Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon, as well as making several performances in Europe for MTV.