Title: Franz Kafka
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franz_Kafka
Excerpt: Franz Kafka (3 July 1883 – 3 June 1924) was a German-language Jewish Czech writer and novelist born in Prague, in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. Widely regarded as a major figure of 20th-century literature, his works fuse elements of realism and the fantastique, and typically feature isolated protagonists facing bizarre or surreal predicaments and incomprehensible bureaucratic powers. The term Kafkaesque has entered the lexicon to describe situations like those depicted in his writings. His best-known works include the novella The Metamorphosis (1915) and the novels The Trial (1924) and The Castle (1926). He is also celebrated for his brief fables and aphorisms, which frequently incorporated comedic elements alongside the darker themes of his longer works. His work has widely influenced artists, philosophers, composers, filmmakers, literary historians, religious scholars, and cultural theorists.
Kafka was born into a middle-class German-speaking Jewish Czech family in Prague, the capital of the Bohemia, in Austria-Hungary. He trained as a lawyer, and after completing his legal education was employed in various legal and insurance jobs. His professional obligations led to internal conflict as he felt that his true vocation was writing. Only a minority of his works were published during his life: the story collections Contemplation (1912) and A Country Doctor (1919), and individual stories, such as his novella The Metamorphosis, were published in literary magazines, but they received little attention. He wrote hundreds of letters to family and close friends, including his father, with whom he had a strained and formal relationship. He became engaged to several women but never married. He died relatively unknown in 1924 of tuberculosis, aged 40. His literary executor and friend Max Brod ignored Kafka's wishes to destroy his remaining works, publishing them to eventual acclaim.

Title: Iranian Americans
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Iranian_Americans
Excerpt: Iranian-Americans, also known as Persian Americans, are United States citizens or inhabitants who have Iranian ancestry or citizenship. According to Iran's National Organization for Civil Registration, the United States has the largest Iranian diaspora population in the world. A 2004 study conducted by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology estimated the number of Iranian-Americans at approximately 691,000.
Beginning in the 1950s, the Imperial State of Iran sponsored thousands of Iranian students to study in the United States through government scholarship programs, contributing to the growth of early Iranian communities centered around American universities. However, following the Iranian Revolution in 1979, a much larger wave of Iranians immigrated to the United States, many fleeing repression or pursuing greater economic opportunities. More than 40% settled in Southern California, particularly in Greater Los Angeles, where they formed distinct ethnic enclaves such as the community of "Tehrangeles" in Westwood.

Title: List of British Jewish entertainers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_British_Jewish_entertainers
Excerpt: This list of British Jewish entertainers includes Jewish entertainers (actors, musicians and comedians) from the United Kingdom and its predecessor states. Listed entertainers are ones who embrace Jewish culture or Judaism rather than simply having Jewish ancestry.
The number of Jews contributing to British cinema increased after 1933, when Jews were prohibited from working in Nazi Germany. In the early 1930s, the Imperial Fascist League's anti-semitic newspaper The Fascist sought to isolate the Jews in British cinema.
Stephen Brook wrote in The Club in 1989 that while there had been Jewish actors in British theatre, Jews had been more prominent as producers or agents. The Independent observed that British-Jewish comedians had taken the lead from American-Jewish comedian Jackie Mason by laughing at their own Jewish neuroses, Jewish mothers, and their leaning towards chicken soup and chopped liver, which they would not have done a decade prior. By the year 2000, British-Jewish comics may have reached their largest numbers.

Title: List of British Jewish writers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_British_Jewish_writers
Excerpt: List of British Jewish writers includes writers (novelists, poets, playwrights, journalists, authors of scholarly texts and others) from the United Kingdom and its predecessor states who are or were Jewish or of Jewish descent.

Title: Afghan Americans
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afghan_Americans
Excerpt: Afghan Americans are Americans with ancestry from Afghanistan. They form the largest Afghan community in North America. Afghan Americans may originate from any of the ethnic groups in Afghanistan.
The Afghan community in the United States was minimal until large numbers were admitted as refugees following the December 1979 Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. Others have arrived similarly during and after the latest war in Afghanistan. Afghan Americans reside and work all across the United States. The states of California, Virginia and New York historically had the largest number of Afghan Americans. Thousands may also be found in the states of Arizona, Texas, Georgia, Colorado,  Washington, Oklahoma, Nebraska, Missouri, North Carolina, Maryland and Illinois.