Title: Song of the South
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_of_the_South
Excerpt: Song of the South is a 1946 American  musical film directed by Harve Foster and Wilfred Jackson, produced by Walt Disney, and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is based on the Uncle Remus stories as adapted by Joel Chandler Harris, stars James Baskett in his final film role, and features the voices of Johnny Lee, Baskett, and Nick Stewart. The live-action/animated film takes place in the U.S. state of Georgia during the Reconstruction era, a period of American history after the end of the American Civil War and the abolition of slavery. The story follows seven-year-old Johnny (Bobby Driscoll) who is visiting his grandmother's (Lucile Watson) plantation for an extended stay. Johnny befriends Uncle Remus (Baskett), an elderly worker on the plantation, and takes joy in hearing his tales about the adventures of Br'er Rabbit (Lee), Br'er Fox, and Br'er Bear (Baskett and Stewart). Johnny learns from the stories how to cope with the challenges he is experiencing while living on the plantation.
Walt Disney had wanted to produce a film based on the Uncle Remus stories for some time. In 1939, he began negotiating with the Harris family for the film rights, and in 1944, filming for Song of the South began. The studio constructed a plantation set, for the outdoor scenes, in Phoenix, Arizona, while other scenes were filmed in Hollywood. The film is predominantly live action, but includes three animated segments, which were later released as stand-alone television features. Some scenes also feature a combination of live action with animation. Song of the South premiered in Atlanta in November 1946 and the remainder of its initial theater run was a financial success. The song  "Zip-a-Dee-Doo-Dah" won the 1947 Academy Award for Best Original Song and Baskett received an Academy Honorary Award for his performance as Uncle Remus.
Since its initial release the film has attracted controversy, with critics characterizing its portrayal of African Americans and plantation life as racist. As a result of the film's controversial legacy, Disney has not released Song of the South on any home video format in the United States, and the film has never been available on its streaming platform Disney+. Some of the musical and animated sequences have been released through other means, and the full film has seen home video distribution in other countries. The cartoon characters from the film continued to appear in a variety of books, comics, and other Disney media for many decades after the film's release. The theme park ride Splash Mountain, located at Tokyo Disneyland and formerly located at Disneyland and Magic Kingdom, is based on the film's animated sequences.

Title: Where the Wild Things Are (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Where_the_Wild_Things_Are_(film)
Excerpt: Where the Wild Things Are is a 2009 fantasy adventure drama film directed by Spike Jonze, who co-wrote the screenplay with Dave Eggers. Based on Maurice Sendak's 1963 children's book, it combines live-action, performers in costumes, animatronics, and computer-generated imagery (CGI). The film stars Max Records, Catherine Keener, and Mark Ruffalo, and the voices of Lauren Ambrose, Chris Cooper, James Gandolfini, Catherine O'Hara, and Forest Whitaker. The film centres on a young boy named Max who sails away to an island inhabited by creatures known as the "Wild Things", who declare him king.
In the early 1980s, The Walt Disney Company considered adapting the book with a blend of traditionally animated characters and computer-generated environments, but development did not go past a test film to see how the animation hybridisation would result. In 1999, Universal Studios acquired rights to the book's adaptation and initially attempted to develop a computer-animated adaptation with Disney animator Eric Goldberg, but the CGI concept was replaced with a live-action one in 2003, Goldberg was dropped for Jonze, and work on the film was transferred to Warner Bros. Pictures. The film was produced by Jeph Loeb, Gary Goetzman, Sendak, John B. Carls, and Vincent Landay, and made with an estimated budget of $100 million. Where the Wild Things Are was a joint production between Australia, Germany, and the United States, and was filmed principally in Melbourne.
Where the Wild Things Are was released on 16 October 2009, in the United States, on 3 December in Australia, and on 17 December in Germany. Despite concerns from within Warner Bros. and news outlets leading up to release over whether or not Jonze's approach to the film was suitable for children, the film was met with positive reviews and appeared on many year-end top ten lists. However, the film was a financial failure, grossing just $100 million against an equal production budget. The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on 2 March 2010.

Title: The Fault in Our Stars (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Fault_in_Our_Stars_(film)
Excerpt: The Fault in Our Stars is a 2014 American romantic drama film directed by Josh Boone from a screenplay by Scott Neustadter and Michael H. Weber, based on the 2012 novel of the same name by John Green. The film stars Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort, with Laura Dern, Sam Trammell, Nat Wolff, and Willem Dafoe in supporting roles. The story centers on a 16-year-old cancer patient, played by Woodley, forced by her parents to attend a support group, where she meets and subsequently falls in love with another cancer patient, played by Elgort.
Development began in January 2012 when Fox 2000 Pictures optioned the film adaptation rights to adapt the novel into a feature film. Principal photography began on August 26, 2013, in Pittsburgh, with a few additional days in Amsterdam, The Netherlands, before concluding on October 16. Pittsburgh doubled for all of the scenes set in Indianapolis, Indiana, the novel's setting, as well as for some interior scenes set in Amsterdam.
The Fault in Our Stars had its premiere at the Seattle International Film Festival on May 16, 2014, and was released in the United States on June 6 by 20th Century Fox to favorable reviews, with praise being given to Woodley's and Elgort's performances and chemistry together, as well as the screenplay. The film opened at number one at the box office during its opening weekend and grossed $307.2 million worldwide against a production budget of $12 million. It was released on DVD and Blu-ray on September 16, 2014, and earned $45 million in total domestic video sales.

Title: Kraven the Hunter (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kraven_the_Hunter_(film)
Excerpt: Kraven the Hunter is a 2024 American superhero film based on the Marvel Comics character. It is the sixth film in Sony's Spider-Man Universe (SSU). Aaron Taylor-Johnson stars as Kraven, alongside Ariana DeBose, Fred Hechinger, Alessandro Nivola, Christopher Abbott, and Russell Crowe. Directed by J.C. Chandor and written by Richard Wenk, Art Marcum and Matt Holloway, the film explores Kraven's relationship with his father and his path to becoming the greatest hunter.
Kraven was considered for film appearances several times before Sony Pictures became interested in a standalone film for the character, as part of its new shared universe, in mid-2017. Wenk was hired in August 2018, and Chandor entered negotiations to direct in August 2020, and was confirmed in May 2021 when Taylor-Johnson was cast. Filming took place from late March until mid-June 2022 in London, Iceland, and Glasgow.
Following two years of delays, Kraven the Hunter was released in the United States on December 13, 2024, by Sony Pictures Releasing. The film received negative reviews from critics and was a box-office failure, grossing $62 million worldwide against a $110–130 million budget.

Title: Wish (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wish_(film)
Excerpt: Wish is a 2023 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It was directed by Chris Buck and Fawn Veerasunthorn and written by Jennifer Lee and Allison Moore, and stars the voices of Ariana DeBose, Chris Pine, Alan Tudyk, Angelique Cabral, Victor Garber, and Natasha Rothwell. The story follows a 17-year-old girl named Asha (DeBose) living in the kingdom of Rosas, where she makes a passionate plea to the stars in a moment of need. She meets a living, magic fallen star, and together they face the kingdom's devious ruler, the sorcerer Magnifico (Pine).
Development of Wish began in 2018 but was not publicly disclosed until January 2022, when it was revealed that Lee was writing an original film at Disney Animation. In September 2022, the project was officially announced, with the title revealed alongside the involvement of DeBose and Tudyk. Buck and Veerasunthorn, who had worked with Lee on Frozen (2013) and Frozen II (2019) as co-director and story artist, were confirmed as directors the same month, with Moore later hired to join Lee in writing the screenplay. Julia Michaels and Benjamin Rice wrote the songs, while frequent Disney orchestrator Dave Metzger composed the score. Wish is inspired by Disney's centennial, tying together a theme of most Disney films: wishes coming true, and it is also noted to be the origin story for the "wishing star". The film's art style combines computer animation with the look of traditional animation.
Wish premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood, Los Angeles, on November 8, 2023, and was theatrically released in the United States on November 22. It received mixed reviews and grossed roughly $255 million worldwide on a production budget of $175–200 million. Analysts considered it a box-office bomb, losing the studio an estimated $131 million after accounting for income from streaming and home entertainment. On Disney+, it became the third most viewed premiere for a film from Walt Disney Animation Studios. The film was nominated for several awards, including the Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film.