Title: International Federation of Liberal Youth
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Federation_of_Liberal_Youth
Excerpt: The International Federation of Liberal Youth (IFLRY) is a political international & liberal youth organization. It consists of a global membership of national youth organizations. These are often but not exclusively affiliated with political parties that are members of Liberal International.
IFLRY holds full member status to Liberal International and the European Youth Forum (YFJ), which operates within the Council of Europe and European Union areas and works closely with both these bodies. Since 2014, IFLRY has held special consultative status to ECOSOC. IFLRY also holds observer status to UNFCCC and has sent delegations to COP since COP15 in Copenhagen in 2009.

Title: Kristine Bonnevie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristine_Bonnevie
Excerpt: Kristine Elisabet Heuch Bonnevie (8 October 1872 – 30 August 1948) was a Norwegian biologist. She was the first woman to graduate with a science doctorate in Norway (and the second woman overall), Norway's first woman professor, a women's rights activist, and a politician for the Free-minded Liberal Party. Her fields of research were cytology, genetics, and embryology. She was among the first women to be elected to political office in Norway. She suggested the epic voyage of her graduate student Thor Heyerdahl on the raft Kon-tiki, a voyage memorialized in the Kon-Tiki Museum, Oslo.

Title: Marit Nybakk
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marit_Nybakk
Excerpt: Marit Nybakk (born 14 February 1947, in Nord-Odal) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party, a former First Vice-president of the Norwegian Parliament, the Storting, and a former President of the Nordic Council. From 2016 to 2018 she was President of the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights, the preeminent women's and girls' rights organisation in Norway.
A pragmatic social democrat and a proponent of the Third Way, she became a Member of Parliament in 1986 as the substitute for Gro Harlem Brundtland when the latter became prime minister. In 2009 she became the Storting's Third Vice President, before becoming First Vice President in 2013. She did not stand for reelection in 2017; at that point she was both Norway's longest-serving incumbent member of parliament and the longest-serving woman of all times. Nybakk served as President of the Nordic Council for the term 2013.
Nybakk has been one of the Labour Party's principal politicians in foreign and defence affairs since the 1990s and has been her party's spokesperson on defence. She was Chairman of the Standing Committee on Defence between 2001 and 2005 and Vice Chairman of the Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs between 2005 and 2009. She is a former leader of the Socialist Group in the NATO Parliamentary Assembly.

Title: Fanny Schnelle
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fanny_Schnelle
Excerpt: Fanny Schnelle (30 November 1866 – 31 January 1953) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Left Party, women's rights advocate, teacher and humanitarian.

Title: 2025 Norwegian parliamentary election
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2025_Norwegian_parliamentary_election
Excerpt: Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 8 September 2025 to elect all 169 members of the Storting, the Norwegian parliament, for the 2025–2029 parliamentary term. Advance voting took place from 11 August to 5 September.
The election resulted in incumbent Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre's Labour Party winning the most seats. The opposition Conservative Party, led by former Prime Minister Erna Solberg, fell to third place for the first time since 2009. The right-wing populist Progress Party gained seats in the Storting and ended up with 47 seats, the highest seat count in the party's history; this made it the largest opposition party for the term. It also marked the highest voter turn-out since 1989.
The red-green bloc won a majority with 88 seats, allowing Støre to continue as Prime Minister in his minority government. The victory came after years of poor opinion polling, after which the Labour Party made a political comeback. Issues in the election included taxes, immigration, foreign relations, healthcare, and rising inequality.