Title: Dinosaur (2000 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dinosaur_(2000_film)
Excerpt: Dinosaur is a 2000 American animated adventure film directed by Ralph Zondag and Eric Leighton and written by John Harrison, Robert Nelson Jacobs, and Walon Green. Produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and The Secret Lab, the live-action animated film stars the voices of D. B. Sweeney, Alfre Woodard, Ossie Davis, Max Casella, Hayden Panettiere, Samuel E. Wright, Julianna Margulies, Peter Siragusa, Joan Plowright, and Della Reese. The film follows a young Iguanodon (Sweeney) who was adopted and raised by a family of lemurs on a tropical island. They are forced to the mainland by a catastrophic meteorite impact; setting out to find a new home, they join a herd of dinosaurs heading for the "Nesting Grounds", but must contend with the group's harsh leader, as well as external dangers such as predatory Carnotaurus.
The initial idea was conceived in 1986 by Phil Tippett and Paul Verhoeven, which they conceived as a darker, naturalistic film about dinosaurs. The project underwent numerous iterations with multiple directors attached. In 1994, Walt Disney Feature Animation began development on the project and spent several years developing the software to create the dinosaurs. While the characters in Dinosaur are computer-generated, most of the backgrounds are live-action and were filmed on location. A number of backgrounds were found in various continents such as the Americas and Asia; various tepuis and Angel Falls also appear in the film. With a budget of $127.5 million, Dinosaur was reportedly the most expensive computer-animated film at the time. Dinosaur is also the first film from Walt Disney Feature Animation to be 3D animated.
Dinosaur was released on May 19, 2000, to mixed reviews from critics, who praised the film's opening sequence, soundtrack and animation, but criticized the story, screenplay and lack of originality. The film grossed $349.8 million worldwide, becoming the fifth highest-grossing film of 2000. It became the fourth best-selling home video release of 2001, selling 10.6 million copies and garnering $198 million in sales.

Title: List of Walt Disney Pictures films
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Walt_Disney_Pictures_films
Excerpt: This is a list of films produced by and released under the Walt Disney Pictures banner (known as that since 1983, with Never Cry Wolf as its first release) and films released before that under the former name of the parent company, Walt Disney Productions (1929–1983). Most films listed here were distributed theatrically in the United States by the company's distribution division, Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures, formerly known as Buena Vista Film Distribution Company (1953–1960), Buena Vista Distribution Company (1960–1987) and Buena Vista Pictures Distribution (1987–2007). The Disney features produced before The Living Desert (1953) were originally distributed by United Artists and RKO Radio Pictures, and are now distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Some films produced by Walt Disney Pictures are also released through the parent company's streaming service, Disney+.
This list is organized by release date and includes live-action feature films (including theatrical, direct-to-video and streaming releases), animated feature films (including films developed and produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and Pixar Animation Studios) and documentary films (including titles from the True-Life Adventures series and films produced by the Disneynature label). For an exclusive list of animated films released by Walt Disney Pictures and its previous entities see List of Disney theatrical animated feature films and List of Disney feature-length home entertainment releases § Animated films.
This list is only for films released under the main Disney banner. It does not include films produced or released by other existing, defunct or divested labels or subsidiaries owned by Walt Disney Studios (i.e. Marvel Studios, Lucasfilm, 20th Century Studios, Searchlight Pictures, Fox 2000 Pictures, Touchstone Pictures, Hollywood Pictures, National Geographic Documentary Films, Miramax Films, Dimension Films, ESPN Films, etc.) unless they are credited as co-production partners, nor any direct-to-video releases unless they were produced under the main Disney banner, TV films, theatrical re-releases or films originally released by other non-Disney studios.
All films listed are theatrical releases and/or American-based films unless specified.

A ‡ symbol signifies a direct-to-video or streaming release exclusively through Disney+.
A † symbol signifies a premium video on demand release through Disney+.
A § symbol signifies a simultaneous release to theatres and on premium video on demand.
A * symbol signifies a film not produced in the United States, but rather in another country.

Title: The Muppets (2011 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Muppets_(2011_film)
Excerpt: The Muppets is a 2011 American musical comedy film directed by James Bobin (in his feature length directorial debut) from a screenplay written by Jason Segel and Nicholas Stoller. Produced by David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman. It is the seventh theatrical film featuring the Muppets. The film stars Segel, Amy Adams, Chris Cooper and Rashida Jones as well as Muppet performers Steve Whitmire, Eric Jacobson, Dave Goelz, Bill Barretta, David Rudman, Matt Vogel and Peter Linz. Bret McKenzie served as music supervisor, writing four of the film's five original songs, while Christophe Beck composed the score. In the film, devoted Muppet fan Walter, his human brother Gary and the latter's girlfriend Mary help Kermit the Frog reunite the disbanded Muppets in order to save the Muppet Theater from Tex Richman, a greedy oil magnate who plots to drill for oil on its former site.
Walt Disney Pictures announced development of a seventh Muppet film in March 2008, with Segel and Stoller as the screenwriters and Hoberman and Lieberman's Mandeville Films as co-producer. Conceived to serve as a creative reboot for the franchise after years of being largely out of the public eye following Disney's acquisition of the Muppets in 2004, Segel and Stoller intently addressed the Muppets' recent real-world lack of public exposure and fame in mainstream culture within the context of the film's story. As a result, The Muppets became the first film in the series to directly acknowledge The Muppet Show and reference plot points from previous Muppet films. Bobin was hired to direct in January 2010, and the film's supporting cast was filled out in October of the same year with the casting of Adams, Cooper and Jones. Filming took place from September 2010 to February 2011. The film was the first theatrical Muppets production to not star Frank Oz and Jerry Nelson performing their respective characters, although Nelson contributes an uncredited voice cameo. Instead, their roles are performed by Jacobson and Vogel, respectively, marking their theatrical feature film debut as those characters.
The Muppets premiered at the Savannah Film Festival on November 4, 2011, and was released theatrically in North America on November 23, by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The film was a critical and commercial success; it received universal acclaim for its humor, music, and revitalization of the Muppet characters, and grossed over $171 million worldwide on a budget of $45 million. The film won the Academy Award for Best Original Song for McKenzie's song "Man or Muppet", as well as earning BAFTA and Critic's Choice Awards nominations. A sequel, titled Muppets Most Wanted, was released on March 21, 2014.

Title: Elemental (2023 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elemental_(2023_film)
Excerpt: Elemental is a 2023 American animated romantic comedy-drama film directed by Peter Sohn and written by Sohn, John Hoberg, Kat Likkel, and Brenda Hsueh. Produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures, it stars the voices of Leah Lewis, Mamoudou Athie, Ronnie del Carmen, Shila Ommi, Wendi McLendon-Covey, and Catherine O'Hara. Set in a world inhabited by anthropomorphic elements of nature, the story follows fire element Ember Lumen (Lewis) and water element Wade Ripple (Athie), who spend time together in the city while trying to save a convenience store owned by Ember's father, Bernie (Del Carmen).
Development of Elemental began when Sohn pitched the concept to Pixar based on the idea of whether fire and water could ever connect or not. The film draws inspiration from Sohn's youth, growing up as the son of immigrants in New York City during the 1970s, highlighting the city's distinct cultural and ethnic diversity while the story is inspired by romantic films such as Guess Who's Coming to Dinner (1967), Moonstruck (1987), and Amélie (2001). The production team conducted research by spending many hours watching point-of-view city tours on YouTube like Venice and Amsterdam for inspiration. Animation tools were utilized to design the visual effects and appearance of each character, particularly its main characters. Production on Elemental lasted for seven years, both in the studio and at the filmmakers' homes, on an estimated $200 million budget. Thomas Newman composed the score, and Lauv wrote and performed the song "Steal the Show". The film is dedicated to Pixar animators Ralph Eggleston, Amber Martorelli, J. Garrett Sheldrew, and film editor Thomas Gonzales, all of whom died in 2022.
Elemental debuted out of competition as the closing film at the 76th Cannes Film Festival on May 27, 2023, and was released in the United States on June 16 in RealD 3D, 4DX, and Dolby Cinema formats. The film initially opened below projections and was ultimately considered by analysts to be a sleeper hit, grossing $496.4 million worldwide. It was nominated for several awards, including the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and the Golden Globe Award for Best Animated Feature Film.

Title: A Shop for Killers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/A_Shop_for_Killers
Excerpt: A Shop for Killers (Korean: 킬러들의 쇼핑몰) is a 2024 South Korean action drama television series co-created, co-written and co-directed by Lee Kwon, and starring Lee Dong-wook and Kim Hye-jun. Based on the novel A Killer's Shopping Mall by Kang Ji-young, the story is about a girl who lost her parents and grew up in the hands of her uncle who runs a suspicious online shop. The first season was released on Disney+ from January 17 to February 7, 2024. The second season was premiered on July 22, 2026.
The series received generally positive reviews, with critics praising the action sequences and character dynamics, though some noted issues with pacing and narrative logic.