Title: Leo Houlding
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leo_Houlding
Excerpt: Leo Houlding (born 28 July 1980) is a British rock climber and mountaineer.

Title: Peter Hillary
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_Hillary
Excerpt: Peter Edmund Hillary (born 26 December 1954) is a New Zealand mountaineer and philanthropist. He is the son of Sir Edmund Hillary, who, along with mountaineer Tenzing Norgay, completed the first successful ascent of Mount Everest. When Peter Hillary summited Everest in 1990, he and his father were the first father/son duo to achieve the feat. Hillary has achieved two summits of Everest, an 84-day trek across Antarctica to the South Pole, and an expedition guiding astronaut Neil Armstrong to land a small aircraft at the North Pole. He has climbed many of the world's major peaks, and on 19 June 2008, completed the Seven Summits, reaching the top of the highest mountains on all seven continents, when he summited Denali in Alaska.

Title: Wasfia Nazreen
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wasfia_Nazreen
Excerpt: Wasfia Nazreen (Bengali: ওয়াসফিয়া নাজরীন born 27 October 1982) is a Bangladeshi mountaineer, activist, social worker and environmentalist.
Nazreen is the first Bengali and Bangladeshi to scale K2, the world's second highest and most dangerous peak becoming one of the 40 women in history since 1954 to have successfully scaled K2.
Nazreen earlier became the first Bangladeshi and first Bengali to complete the Seven Summits (Reinhold Messner's list) on 18 November 2015.
Nazreen dedicated her 2012 Mount Everest climb to the women of Bangladesh, saying: "We have achieved independence 41 years ago, but our women are yet to enjoy freedom."
National Geographic recognized Nazreen as one of their Adventurers of the Year 2014/2015. She was selected in honor of her activism and commitment to empowering women through her work in the field of adventure. She was again selected as one of their Explorers in 2016, becoming the only woman to hold the simultaneous titles of National Geographic Explorer and Adventurer.
Nazreen is credited in Bangladesh history as the nation's inspiration and one of the legendary women to have made a pioneering contribution. Nazreen is also known for her campaigns to raise awareness of animal rights, human rights situations in Tibet, environmental impacts, Bangladeshi women's rights: including sex workers and garment factory workers, Sherpa people and other high-altitude workers' rights, and Indigenous groups. In 2011, Nazreen testified at the 10th session of UNPFII: United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues, against the continued oppression and land-grabbing of Adibashis, or indigenous people of Bangladesh, by people of her own ethnicity.
In 2023, Nazreen was invited by the government of France and Paris Organising Committee for the 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Games as one of the first cohorts of athletes to be decorated in the Hall of Fame for Paris 2024. In 2021, Nazreen was one of the activists to launch UNESCO's worldwide Forum on Biodiversity. In 2019, Nazreen was featured in UN Women's "Generation Equality" campaign.
In 2018, Nazreen's efforts were monumental in leading and garnering international support for the Free Shahidul campaign. One of Nazreen's mentors and Bangladesh's highly decorated photojournalist Dr. Shahidul Alam was picked up by pain-clothed men shortly after giving an interview to Al Jazeera that criticized the government's violent response to the 2018 Bangladesh road safety protests. Amongst other feats during Dr. Alam's months-long imprisonment, Nazreen flew a plane with a banner message "Free our Teachers" circling around the sky of Manhattan, New York City, for one and half hours calling for press freedom in Bangladesh and beyond, while the UN was holding a General Assembly and the PM of Bangladesh was inside the building.
In 2016 and 2017, Nazreen was named by Outside as one of 40 women in the last 40 years who have advanced and challenged the outdoor world through their leadership, innovation, and athletic feats, and by Men's Journal as one of the 25 most adventurous women of the past 25 years.

Title: List of Mount Everest summiteers by frequency
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Mount_Everest_summiteers_by_frequency
Excerpt: This list consists of people who have reached the summit of Mount Everest more than once. By 2013, 6,871 summits had been recorded by 4,042 people. By the end of 2016 there were 7,646 summits by 4,469 people. In 2018 about 800 people summited, breaking the record for most in one year compared to 2013, in which 667 summited Mount Everest.
As of December 2024, there have been approximately 12,884 summit ascents by 7269 people.
Information in this list may be outdated; it can take months or years for summit counts to be reliably confirmed. Confirmations can also be made difficult by many sherpas having similar names.

Title: Nadhira Al Harthy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nadhira_Al_Harthy
Excerpt: Nadhira bint Ahmed Abdullah Al Harthy (or Alharthy; Arabic: نظيرة بنت أحمد عبد الله الحارثي or الحارثية; 1978 – 30 July 2026) was an Omani civil servant and mountaineer. She was the second person from Oman, and the first Omani woman, to climb Mount Everest. Al Harthy also summited several other eight-thousanders, including Manaslu, K2, and Nanga Parbat.
While traveling the world in an attempt to climb all 14 eight-thousanders, Al Harthy died as one of the victims of the 2026 Broad Peak avalanche.