Title: Wet Wet Wet
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_Wet_Wet
Excerpt: Wet Wet Wet are a Scottish soft rock band formed in 1982 in Clydebank by Marti Pellow (lead vocals), Graeme Clark (bass), Graeme Duffin (guitar) and Tommy Cunningham (drums). The bands debut album, Popped In Souled Out (1987) spawned four successful singles, including "Wishing I Was Lucky" and "Angel Eyes (Home and Away)", with the album peaking atop the albums charts in the United Kingdom, selling 1.5 million copies and earning a 5x Platinum certification from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). 
The lead single from their fourth album, Picture This (1995), "Love Is All Around", topped the singles charts in the United Kingdom, Australia, Denmark, Iceland, Sweden and their native Scotland. Spending a total of fifteen consecutive weeks at number one on the UK Singles Charts, it became one of the longest chart reigns of all time in the United Kingdom, where it sold over 1.9 million copies. The band dissolved in 1997 following the release of their fifth album, 10. The band reformed in 2004 with the original members, and released their fifth album, Timeless in 2007. 
The band is currently composed of founding member Graeme Clark (bass, vocals) and lead vocalist Kevin Simm, who replaced founding member Marti Pellow in 2018 after he left during the previous year. Graeme Duffin (lead guitar, vocals) has also been with the band as a touring musician since 1983. The band were named Best British Newcomer at the 1988 Brit Awards.

Title: Marti Pellow
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marti_Pellow
Excerpt: Marti Pellow (born Mark McLachlan; 23 March 1965) is a Scottish singer, best known as the lead singer of the pop group Wet Wet Wet for 28 years: from their formation in 1982 until their split in 1997, and again from their reformation in 2004 to his departure in 2017. The bands debut album, Popped In Souled Out (1987) spawned four successful singles, including "Wishing I Was Lucky" and "Angel Eyes (Home and Away)", with the album peaking atop the albums charts in the United Kingdom, selling 1.5 million copies and earning a 5x Platinum certification from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). 
The lead single from their fourth album, Picture This (1995), "Love Is All Around" topped the singles charts in the United Kingdom, Australia, Denmark, Iceland, Sweden and their native Scotland. Spending a total of fifteen consecutive weeks at number one on the UK Singles Charts, it became one of the longest chart reigns of all time in the United Kingdom, where it sold over 1.9 million copies. The band dissolved in 1997 following the release of their fifth album, 10, which resulted in Pellow launching a career as a solo artist with his debut solo album Smile being released in June 2001. 
Pellow re–joined the band alongside the other members in 2004, releasing their first album of new material in ten years, Timeless in 2007, before Pellow left the band once more in 2017 to focus on his solo career. In addition to music, Pellow has performed as an actor in musical theatre productions in both the West End and on Broadway.

Title: Marti
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marti
Excerpt: Marti may refer to

Marti (surname), a surname
Marti, Montopoli in Val d'Arno, a village in the province of Pisa, Italy
MARTI Electronics, a manufacturer of remote location broadcasting equipment
Marti Group, a Swiss construction company
Soviet minelayer Marti, originally the Russian yacht Standart
Marti Venturi, fictional character in the Canadian Disney Channel show Life with Derek

Title: Smile (Marti Pellow album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Smile_(Marti_Pellow_album)
Excerpt: Smile is the debut solo album by Scottish singer Marti Pellow. Released on June 25, 2001, the album spawned two singles: "Close to You" and "I've Been Around the World". "Hard to Cry" was also later released as a radio-only promotional single in 2003, having been included on both of Pellow's follow-up albums: Marti Pellow Sings the Hits of Wet Wet Wet & Smile (2002) and Between the Covers (2003). The album debuted at number 7 on the UK Albums Chart in July 2001.

Title: The Masked Singer (British TV series) series 6
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Masked_Singer_(British_TV_series)_series_6
Excerpt: The sixth series of the British version of The Masked Singer premiered on ITV on 4 January 2025, following a Christmas special episode on 26 December 2024. Joel Dommett returned as the show's presenter, whilst Mo Gilligan, Davina McCall, Jonathan Ross returned as panellists, along with Maya Jama who replaced Rita Ora on the panel. The series is the first in another two-year commissioning by ITV and was also accompanied by a digital spin-off show for the second time, titled The After Mask, presented by Harriet Rose.
The series was won by singer/actress Samantha Barks as "Pufferfish", whilst singer Gregory Porter finished second as "Dressed Crab" and singer Marti Pellow finished third as "Wolf".