Title: Frank Lloyd Wright
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Frank_Lloyd_Wright
Excerpt: Frank Lloyd Wright Sr. (June 8, 1867 – April 9, 1959) was an American architect, designer, writer, and educator. He designed more than 1,000 structures over a creative period of 70 years. Wright played a key role in the architectural movements of the twentieth century, influencing architects worldwide through his works and mentoring hundreds of apprentices in his Taliesin Fellowship. Wright believed in designing in harmony with humanity and the environment, a philosophy he called organic architecture. This philosophy was exemplified in Fallingwater (1935), which has been called "the best all-time work of American architecture".
Wright was a pioneer of what came to be called the Prairie School movement of architecture and also developed the concept of the Usonian home within Broadacre City, his vision for urban planning in the United States. Wright also designed original and innovative offices, churches, schools, skyscrapers, hotels, museums, and other commercial projects. Wright-designed interior elements (including leaded glass windows, floors, furniture and even tableware) were integrated into these structures. He wrote several books and numerous articles and was a popular lecturer in the United States and in Europe. Wright was recognized in 1991 by the American Institute of Architects as "the greatest American architect of all time". In 2019, a selection of his work became a listed World Heritage Site under the name The 20th-Century Architecture of Frank Lloyd Wright.
Raised in rural Wisconsin, Wright studied civil engineering at the University of Wisconsin and later apprenticed in Chicago, first briefly with Joseph Lyman Silsbee, and then with Louis Sullivan at Adler & Sullivan. Wright opened his own successful Chicago practice in 1893 and established a studio in his Oak Park, Illinois, home in 1898. His fame increased, and his personal life sometimes made headlines: leaving his first wife Catherine "Kitty" Tobin for Mamah Cheney in 1909; the murder of Mamah, her children, and others at his Taliesin estate by a staff member in 1914; his tempestuous marriage with second wife Miriam Noel (m. 1923–1927); and his courtship and marriage to Olgivanna Lazović (m. 1928–1959).

Title: Virginia Sports Hall of Fame and Museum
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virginia_Sports_Hall_of_Fame_and_Museum
Excerpt: The Virginia Sports Hall of Fame, located in Virginia Beach, Virginia, honors athletes, coaches, administrators, journalists and other contributors to athletics in Virginia. Many of the more than 350 inductees since 1972 were born in Virginia or enjoyed success in college, professional, amateur or Olympic sports after moving to the state. Each April the Virginia Sports Hall of Fame inducts new members into its ranks.
From 2005-2017, the Hall of Fame operated a museum in Portsmouth. In 2017, to reduce expenses and dependence on government support as well as increase sponsorship interest, it changed its business model, closing the building in Portsmouth and moving its operations to Town Center in nearby Virginia Beach. There it placed many of its educational exhibits and Hall of Honor, listing all inductees, in high-rise office and hotel lobbies within that popular mixed-use development. It made the displays accessible to the public through a novel and free pedestrian tour called "Walk the Hall" and began hosting a variety of sports oriented programs throughout Town Center of Virginia Beach, where its offices are now situated. The non-profit changed its website address to www.VaSportsHOF.com.
The Hall of Fame has a statewide board of directors and an Honors Court that receives and reviews nominations of potential inductees, announcing its selections each December.

Title: Cy Twombly (baseball)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cy_Twombly_(baseball)
Excerpt: Edwin Parker "Cy" Twombly Sr. (June 15, 1897 – December 3, 1974) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who appeared in seven games for the 1921 Chicago White Sox. Born in Groveland, Massachusetts, he attended Lehigh University and Springfield College. He was a swim coach and later Athletic Director of Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Virginia in the late 1950s and early 1960s. His namesake son was a major American artist. He died at age 77 in Savannah, Georgia.

Title: The Four Hundred (Gilded Age)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Four_Hundred_(Gilded_Age)
Excerpt: The Four Hundred was a list of New York society during the Gilded Age, a group that was led by Caroline Schermerhorn Astor, the "Mrs. Astor", for many years.  After her death, her role in society was filled by three women: Mamie Fish, Theresa Fair Oelrichs, and Alva Belmont, known as the "triumvirate" of American society.
On February 16, 1892, The New York Times published the "official" list of those included in the Four Hundred as dictated by social arbiter Ward McAllister, Astor's friend and confidant, in response to lists proffered by others, and after years of clamoring by the press to know who was on it.

Title: 1862 Massachusetts legislature
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1862_Massachusetts_legislature
Excerpt: The 83rd Massachusetts General Court, consisting of the Massachusetts Senate and the Massachusetts House of Representatives, met in 1862 during the governorship of John Albion Andrew. John Henry Clifford served as president of the Senate and Alexander Hamilton Bullock served as speaker of the House.