Title: Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Giuseppe_Tomasi_di_Lampedusa
Excerpt: Giuseppe Tomasi, 11th Prince of Lampedusa, 12th Duke of Palma, GE (23 December 1896 – 23 July 1957), known as Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa (Italian pronunciation: [dʒuˈzɛppe toˈmaːzi di lampeˈduːza]), was a Sicilian writer, as well as the last generation of Tomasi Princes of Lampedusa before the family's and their titles' extinction (although his uncle Pietro Tomasi della Torretta, former Ambassador of Italy to the United Kingdom and President of the Senate, was the last official holder of the family’s princely title). 
Tomasi di Lampedusa is most famous for his only novel, Il Gattopardo (first published posthumously in 1958), which is set in his native Sicily during the Risorgimento. A reserved, solitary, shy, and somewhat misanthropic aristocrat, he opened up only with a few close friends, and spent a great deal of his time reading and meditating. He said of himself as a child, "I was a boy who liked solitude, who preferred the company of things to that of people", and in 1954 wrote, "Of my sixteen hours of daily wakefulness, at least ten are spent in solitude."

Title: The Seven Messengers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Seven_Messengers
Excerpt: The Seven Messengers (Italian: I sette messaggeri) is a collection of short stories written by Dino Buzzati and published as a book in 1942. It contains nineteen short tales, in which the characters often interact with the presence of the fantastic and/or death, many of which are left unconcluded, leaving the reader in suspense or trying to guess their ending. "The Seven Messengers" is also the name of the book's first short story.
The story "Sette piani" was the basis for the 1967 film The Seventh Floor.

Title: Il segreto del Bosco Vecchio
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Il_segreto_del_Bosco_Vecchio
Excerpt: Il segreto del Bosco Vecchio ("the secret of the Old Woods") is a 1935 novel by the Italian writer Dino Buzzati. It tells the story of a general who is about to cut down an old forest for the sake of financial gain, but discovers that the forest is inhabited by invisible spirits. Buzzati wrote the novel with inspiration from Arthur Rackham's illustrations for fairy tales and fables. He was also inspired by Gustave Doré and the environments of the Dolomites.
The novel was the basis for the 1993 film The Secret of the Old Woods, directed by Ermanno Olmi.

Title: The Bewitched Bourgeois
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bewitched_Bourgeois
Excerpt: The Bewitched Bourgeois: Fifty Stories is a 2025 short story collection by Italian writer Dino Buzzati, translated by Lawrence Venuti. An original selection of Buzzati's works, it runs through 50 works of short fiction written by Buzzati for a variety of publications in chronological order of publishing, although the vast majority were first in the Corriere della Sera, the newspaper where Buzzati spent most of his career. Buzzati won the Strega Prize for an Italian collection of his short stories, and The Bewitched Bourgeois received generally positive reviews from English-language critics as well. The stories range in length, with the longest almost being classified as a novella, while the shortest are only one page.

Title: Seven Floors
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_Floors
Excerpt: "Seven Floors" (Italian: Sette piani) is a short story by Italian author Dino Buzzati, first published in La Lettura in 1937. It was later part of multiple short story collections, including Sessanta racconti, which won the Strega Prize in 1958. It was first translated into English in 1965 in a collection named Catastrophe. In the years since its first publication it has been adapted into multiple different mediums, including film, theater, and radio plays.