Title: Neutral Milk Hotel
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutral_Milk_Hotel
Excerpt: Neutral Milk Hotel was an American band formed by Jeff Mangum in Ruston, Louisiana, in the late 1980s. They were active until 1998, and then from 2013 to 2015. The band's music featured a deliberately low-quality sound, influenced by indie rock and psychedelic folk. Mangum wrote surreal and opaque lyrics that covered a wide range of topics, including love, spirituality, nostalgia, sex, and loneliness. The band's recordings featured a variety of instruments, including non-traditional instruments like the singing saw and uilleann pipes.
Neutral Milk Hotel began as one of Mangum's home recording projects. After graduating high school, Mangum lived as a vagabond and sporadically released music. In 1996, he worked with childhood friend Robert Schneider to record the album On Avery Island, which received positive reviews and sold around 5,000 copies. Mangum recruited musicians Julian Koster, Jeremy Barnes, and Scott Spillane for the band's second album, In the Aeroplane Over the Sea. Its 1998 release received mostly positive, but not laudatory reviews.
While on tour, the band's popularity grew through Internet exposure. This negatively affected Mangum, whose mental health began to deteriorate; he did not want to continue touring, and Neutral Milk Hotel went on hiatus shortly after. During their hiatus, Neutral Milk Hotel gained a cult following, and the critical standing of In the Aeroplane Over the Sea rose tremendously. Several music outlets such as Pitchfork and Blender called In the Aeroplane Over the Sea a landmark album for indie rock and one of the greatest albums of the 1990s. Many indie rock groups such as Arcade Fire and the Decemberists were influenced by Neutral Milk Hotel's eclectic music and earnest lyrics. Neutral Milk Hotel reunited in 2013 and undertook a reunion tour before another hiatus in 2015.

Title: Believe (Cher album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Believe_(Cher_album)
Excerpt: Believe is the twenty-second studio album by American singer and actress Cher, released on October 22, 1998, by WEA and Warner Bros. Records. Following the commercial disappointment of her previous studio album It's a Man's World (1995), her record company encouraged her to record a dance-oriented album, in order to move into a more mainstream sound. Cher started working on the album in the spring of 1998 with British producers Mark Taylor and Brian Rawling at the Dreamhouse Studios in London. The album was dedicated to her former husband Sonny Bono, who had died earlier that year.
"Believe", along with "Strong Enough", represents a complete musical departure from her previous works, consisting of Eurodisco-oriented styles, while its lyrical topics include freedom, individualism and relationships. The album features some of the new technology of the time, like the usage of Auto-Tune, which would eventually become known as the "Cher effect". Upon release, the album received mixed reviews from music critics, who commended Cher's vocal performance, while others criticized the high amount of Auto-Tune and its overall production. In 2000, Believe was nominated for Grammy Award for Best Pop Vocal Album.
Commercially, Believe proved to be extremely successful, peaking at number four on the Billboard 200 and was certified quadruple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) for shipments of four million copies across the United States. The album topped the charts in Austria, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Greece, New Zealand, Portugal, and Quebec, as well as in the top ten in France, Spain, United Kingdom, and several other international territories. As of 2023, Believe has sold over 11 million copies worldwide.
Four singles were released from the album. The first single, "Believe", topped the charts in a total of 21 countries, including the Billboard Hot 100, where it stayed at number one for four weeks. "Strong Enough" was released as the second single from the album; it peaked at numbers 57 and 5 in the US and UK, respectively. "All or Nothing" and "Dov'è l'amore" were released as the third and fourth singles respectively, both becoming moderately successful. In support of Believe, Cher embarked on her fourth concert tour, Do You Believe?, which became one of the highest-grossing tours ever for a female artist at that time. In celebration of the album's twenty-fifth anniversary a deluxe edition was released on November 3, 2023.

Title: Love Hurts (Cher album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love_Hurts_(Cher_album)
Excerpt: Love Hurts is the 20th studio album by American singer and actress Cher, released on June 18, 1991, by Geffen Records.  The album was her final studio album with the record company after a 4-year recording contract. The lead single from the album in Europe was "The Shoop Shoop Song (It's in His Kiss)", while other regions "Love and Understanding" acted as the lead. The follow-up singles were "Save Up All Your Tears", "Love Hurts", "Could've Been You" and "When Lovers Become Strangers". It peaked at number 48 on the Billboard Top 200 albums chart with the sales of 19,000 copies. In November 2011, Billboard stated that Love Hurts had sold 600,000 copies in the US. In Europe the album was a major success, peaking at number one and top 10 in several countries, including the UK where it spent 6 weeks at number one on the UK Albums Chart.

Title: Song for the Lonely
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Song_for_the_Lonely
Excerpt: "Song for the Lonely" is a song by American singer Cher from her twenty-fourth studio album, Living Proof (2001). It was written by Mark Taylor, Paul Barry and Steve Torch, and produced by Taylor. It was released on January 11, 2002 as the second international single from the album by Warner Bros. Records and WEA, while in North America it served as the lead single. "Song for the Lonely" is a dance-pop song which was initially written as a love song, but after the September 11 attacks Cher eventually saw it in a different way.
"Song for the Lonely" was met with positive reviews, with music commentators complimenting its heartfelt lyrics and beat. Commercially, the song peaked at number 85 on the US Billboard Hot 100, but topped the Maxi-Singles Sales and the Dance Club Play charts. It also reached the top forty in Canada, The Czech Republic, and Romania. The accompanying music video for "Song for the Lonely" was directed by Stu Maschwitz in New York City, and depicts Cher walking through the streets of the city since the 18th century until the modern days, while she is joined by several people from those times. To promote the song, Cher performed it on the American Music Awards of 2002, The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, and later included it on the setlists of her Living Proof: The Farewell Tour (2002–05) and her concert residency Cher (2008–11).

Title: List of million-selling singles in the United Kingdom
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_million-selling_singles_in_the_United_Kingdom
Excerpt: The definition of a million-selling single, as regarded by the Official Charts Company (OCC), has changed in line with new technology for music consumption. Originally only physical record sales were counted since the start of the UK Singles Chart in November 1952. Digital downloads of a track were included from 2004 onwards and from 2014 onwards BPI-certified awards (Silver, Gold and Platinum) and the weekly charts include audio streaming. In 2017, the OCC included streaming in their definition of a million-seller and published a full list of the 311 songs which had achieved this. Certified awards can also include shipments (sales to trade). The OCC and Music Week regularly announce when a record becomes a million seller.