Title: Osaka
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osaka
Excerpt: Osaka (Japanese: 大阪市, Hepburn: Ōsaka-shi; pronounced [òó.sá.ká.ɕì, óó.-]; commonly just 大阪, Ōsaka [òó.sá.ká, óó.-] ) is a designated city in the Kansai region of Honshu in Japan. It is the capital of and most populous city in Osaka Prefecture, and the second biggest prefectural city, third-most populous city proper in Japan, following the special wards of Tokyo and Yokohama. With an estimated population of 2.8 million as of October 1, 2025 and a population density of about 12,505 people per square kilometer, it is the largest component of the Keihanshin metropolitan area, the second-largest metropolitan area in Japan and the 10th-largest urban area in the world with more than 19 million inhabitants.
Osaka was traditionally considered Japan's economic hub. By the Kofun period (300–538) it had developed into an important regional port, and in the seventh and eighth centuries it served briefly as the imperial capital. Osaka continued to flourish during the Edo period (1603–1867) and became known as a center of Japanese culture. Following the Meiji Restoration, it greatly expanded in size and underwent rapid industrialization. This  accelerated population growth throughout the following decades, and Osaka was the industrial hub in the Meiji and Taishō eras. It made contributions to redevelopment, urban planning and zoning standards in the postwar period, and developed rapidly as one of the major financial centers in the Keihanshin Metropolitan Area.
Osaka is a major financial center of Japan and is recognized as one of its most multicultural and cosmopolitan cities. It is home to the Osaka Exchange and the headquarters of multinational electronics corporations such as Panasonic and Sharp. Osaka is an international center of research and development and is represented by several major universities, including Osaka University, Osaka Metropolitan University, and Kansai University. Landmarks include Osaka Castle, Osaka Aquarium Kaiyukan, Dōtonbori, Tsūtenkaku in Shinsekai, Tennōji Park, Abeno Harukas, Sumiyoshi Taisha Grand Shrine, and Shitennō-ji, one of the oldest Buddhist temples in Japan.

Title: Osaka Castle
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osaka_Castle
Excerpt: Osaka Castle (大坂城 or 大阪城, Ōsaka-jō) is a Japanese castle in Chūō-ku, Osaka, Japan. The castle is one of Japan's most famous landmarks and played a major role in the unification of Japan during the sixteenth century of the Azuchi–Momoyama period.

Title: An Osaka Story
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/An_Osaka_Story
Excerpt: An Osaka Story (Japanese: 大阪物語, Hepburn: Osaka Monogatari) is a 1957 Japanese historical drama film directed by Kōzaburō Yoshimura. The film had originally been planned by Kenji Mizoguchi, who had adapted several stories by Saikaku Ihara into a script. After Mizoguchi's death, the project was assigned to Yoshimura.

Title: The Story of Osaka Castle
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Story_of_Osaka_Castle
Excerpt: The Story of Osaka Castle (大坂城物語, Ōsaka-jō Monogatari) is a 1961 Japanese Jidaigeki film directed by Hiroshi Inagaki, with special effects by Eiji Tsuburaya. The film is based on historical events taking place in Japan during the beginning of the 17th century.

Title: Osaka Story
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osaka_Story
Excerpt: Osaka Story (Japanese: 大阪物語, Hepburn: Ōsaka monogatari) is a 1999 Japanese drama film directed by Jun Ichikawa and starring Chizuru Ikewaki, Kōsuke Minamino, Kenji Sawada and Yūko Tanaka. It was released on 27 March 1999.