Title: Hummingbird
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hummingbird
Excerpt: Hummingbirds are birds native to the Americas and comprise the biological family Trochilidae. With approximately 375 species and 113 genera, they occur from Alaska to Tierra del Fuego, but most species are found in Central and South America. As of 2026, 21 hummingbird species are listed as endangered or critically endangered, with about 255 species declining in population.
Hummingbirds have varied specialized characteristics to enable rapid, maneuverable flight: exceptional metabolic capacity, adaptations to high altitude, sensitive visual and communication abilities, and long-distance migration in some species. Among all birds, male hummingbirds have the widest diversity of plumage color, particularly in blues, greens, and purples. Hummingbirds are the smallest mature birds, measuring 7.5–13 cm (3–5 in) in length. The smallest is the 5 cm (2.0 in) bee hummingbird, which weighs less than 2.0 g (0.07 oz), and the largest is the 23 cm (9 in) giant hummingbird, weighing 17–31 grams (0.60–1.09 oz). Noted for long beaks, hummingbirds are specialized for feeding on flower nectar, but all species also consume small insects.
Hummingbirds are known by that name because of the humming sound created by their beating wings, which flap at high frequencies audible to other birds and humans. They hover at rapid wing-flapping rates, which vary from around 12 beats per second in the largest species to 99 per second in small hummingbirds.
Hummingbirds have the highest mass-specific metabolic rate of any homeothermic animal. To conserve energy when food is scarce and at night when not foraging, they can enter torpor, a state similar to hibernation, and slow their metabolic rate to 1⁄15 of its normal rate. While most hummingbirds do not migrate, the rufous hummingbird has one of the longest migrations among birds, traveling twice per year between Alaska and Mexico, a distance of about 3,900 miles (6,300 km).
Hummingbirds split from their sister group, the swifts and treeswifts, around 42 million years ago. The oldest known fossil hummingbird is Eurotrochilus, from the Rupelian Stage of Early Oligocene Europe.

Title: List of North American species extinct in the Holocene
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_North_American_species_extinct_in_the_Holocene
Excerpt: This is a list of North American animals extinct in the Holocene that covers extinctions from the Holocene epoch, a geologic epoch that began about 11,650 years before present (about 9700 BCE) and continues to the present day.
Recently extinct animals in the West Indies and Hawaii are in their own respective lists. The Florida Keys and Cozumel are included in this list due to their geographic and geological proximity to the continent.
Many extinction dates are unknown due to a lack of relevant information.

Title: Taxonomy of Banksia
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taxonomy_of_Banksia
Excerpt: As with other flowering plants, the taxonomy of Banksia has traditionally been based on anatomical and morphological properties of the Banksia flower, fruiting structure and seed, along with secondary characteristics such as leaf structure and growth habit. Increasingly, molecular evidence from DNA is providing important new insights into relationships within the genus and between this and other genera in the Proteaceae.
The genus is placed in family Proteaceae, subfamily Grevilleoideae, tribe Banksieae and subtribe Banksiinae. The most recent complete revision is that published in Alex George's 1999 monograph for the Flora of Australia book series; this recognises two subgenera, three sections, 13 series, 77 species, 6 subspecies and 18 varieties, and treats the traditionally related genus Dryandra as separate but closely related. Recent molecular cladistic analyses have provided an alternative view in which Dryandra is shown to be nested inside, and hence should be included within, Banksia. This interpretation has been controversial in some circles, and is not universally accepted.

Title: Gould's jewelfront
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gould%27s_jewelfront
Excerpt: Gould's jewelfront or Gould's brilliant (Heliodoxa aurescens) is a medium-sized hummingbird in the family Trochilidae.
It is found in tropical and equatorial South America. This is an uncommon species with an unusually large range compared to the other members of Heliodoxa.
The common name commemorates the English ornithologist and bird artist John Gould (1804–1881).

Title: Costus spectabilis
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Costus_spectabilis
Excerpt: Costus spectabilis, commonly known as the yellow trumpet, or yellow bell, is an African species of herb; low and perennial, it is found from Sierra Leone to Sudan to as far south as Angola and Zimbabwe.