Title: Politics of Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Politics_of_Norway
Excerpt: The politics of Norway takes place in the framework of a parliamentary, representative democratic constitutional monarchy. Executive power is exercised by the king, Council of State, and the cabinet, led by the prime minister. Legislative power is vested in both the government and the legislature, elected in a multi-party system. The judiciary is independent of the executive branch and the legislature.
The Economist Intelligence Unit rated Norway a "full democracy" in 2022.  According to the V-Dem Democracy indices Norway was 2023 the second most electoral democratic country in the world. Reporters Without Borders ranked Norway 1st in the world in the 2024 Press Freedom Index. Freedom House's 2020 Freedom in the World report classified Norway as "free", scoring maximum points in the categories of "political rights" and "civil liberties".

Title: Women in government
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Women_in_government
Excerpt: In many countries, women have been underrepresented in the government and different institutions. As of 2026, women were still underrepresented in most countries, but were increasingly being elected to be heads of state and government.
As of 2026, women are heads of state in 28 countries and 27.4% of members of parliament; they make up a smaller percentage of cabinet ministers (22%) than in 2024. In 2019, the global participation rate of women in national-level parliaments was 24.5%. In 2013, women accounted for 8% of all national leaders and 2% of all presidential posts. Furthermore, 75% of all female prime ministers and presidents took office in the two decades prior to 2016.
Women may face a number of challenges that affect their ability to participate in political life and become political leaders. Several countries explored measures that could increase women's participation in government at all levels, from the local to the national and international. Political parties advocating for women can be categorized as either gender egalitarian or gender essentialist.

Title: Norwegian Association for Women's Rights
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Norwegian_Association_for_Women%27s_Rights
Excerpt: The Norwegian Association for Women's Rights (Norwegian: Norsk Kvinnesaksforening; NKF) is Norway's oldest and preeminent women's and girls' rights organization that works "to promote gender equality and all women's and girls' human rights through political and legal reform within the framework of liberal democracy." Founded in 1884, NKF is Norway's second oldest political organization after the Liberal Party. NKF stands for an inclusive, intersectional and progressive mainstream liberal feminism and has always been open to everyone regardless of gender. Headquartered at Majorstuen, Oslo, NKF consists of a national-level association as well as regional chapters based in the larger cities, and is led by a national executive board. NKF has had a central role in the adoption of all major gender equality legislation and reforms since 1884. 
NKF was founded on the initiative of Gina Krog and Hagbart Berner by 171 prominent women and men of the progressive liberal establishment, including five Norwegian prime ministers, and was modeled after the predecessors of the League of Women Voters in the U.S. From the early years the association worked to bring women into the political mainstream. Traditionally the most important association of the Norwegian bourgeois-liberal women's rights movement and historically associated with the Liberal Party, NKF is today a big tent coalition with members from the centre-left to the centre-right. The association has always been Norway's most important mainstream feminist organization and has successfully campaigned for women's right to education, the right to vote, the right to work, the adoption of the 1978 Gender Equality Act, and the establishment of the Gender Equality Ombud. At the behest of NKF and affiliated organizations, Norway became the world's first independent country to introduce women's suffrage in 1913. NKF founded the Norwegian Women's Public Health Association.
In line with its roots in 19th century first-wave liberal feminism, political and legal reform remains its primary focus, and it has always concentrated on lobbying government bodies in a professional way. As a result of its focus on legal reform, the association has always attracted many lawyers and other academics. NKF members had key roles in developing the government apparatus and legislation related to gender equality in Norway; during the 1970s, the "Norwegian government adopted NKF's [equality] ideology as its own", and NKF's political tradition is closely linked to the concept of state feminism. In foreign policy NKF has a liberal internationalist outlook and generally supports Norwegian official foreign policy. Starting with the presidency of Eva Kolstad, from 1956, NKF focused strongly on the United Nations, and NKF members have been appointed to key UN bodies including UNCSW and the CEDAW Committee; the CEDAW convention remains an important focus of NKF. NKF is a member of the International Alliance of Women (IAW), which has general consultative status to the United Nations Economic and Social Council and participatory status with the Council of Europe, and is also generally considered as a sister organization of the National Organization for Women. NKF's logo is a stylized sunflower, adopted in 1894, based on the model of the liberal American suffrage movement.

Title: Feminism in Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feminism_in_Norway
Excerpt: The feminist movement in Norway has made significant progress in reforming laws and social customs in the nation, advancing the rights of the women of Norway. It emerged in the 19th century as part of the liberal feminist tradition, centered on women's rights to education, suffrage, and political participation, with the liberal Norwegian Association for Women's Rights as the dominant organization. Today, the movement is marked by a strong fourth wave of feminism, emphasizing intersectionality, inclusivity, and solidarity across gender, sexuality, race, ability, and class, with initiatives such as the Initiative for Inclusive Feminism at the forefront. In 2025, 25 feminist organizations and academic communities came together to adopt the consensus statement "No feminism without trans people: We stand together for an inclusive feminism."

Title: Icelandic Women's Rights Association
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Icelandic_Women%27s_Rights_Association
Excerpt: The Icelandic Women's Rights Association (Icelandic: Kvenréttindafélag Íslands) is the largest women's rights organization in Iceland and works for "women’s rights and the equal status of all genders in all areas of society." The association stands for an inclusive, intersectional and progressive liberal feminism, and advocates for women's rights and LGBT rights. It notes that "IWRA works for the rights of all women. Feminism without trans women is no feminism at all." It is a member of the International Alliance of Women (IAW) alongside other Nordic women's rights NGOs such as the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights, the Fredrika Bremer Association and the Danish Women's Society. In IAW contexts it is sometimes known as IAW Iceland.