Title: World Series of Poker
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series_of_Poker
Excerpt: The World Series of Poker (WSOP) is a series of poker tournaments held annually in Paradise, Nevada, and since 2004, sponsored by Caesars Entertainment. It dates its origins to 1970, when Benny Binion invited seven of the best-known poker players to the Horseshoe Casino for a single tournament, with a set start and stop time, and a winner determined by a secret ballot of the seven players.
As of 2025, the WSOP consists of a record 100 live bracelet events, with most major poker variants featured.
The 2024 WSOP was held at the Horseshoe and Paris Las Vegas, and saw record-breaking attendance for the Main Event tournament. In August 2024, Caesars Entertainment announced it had sold the WSOP brand to GGPoker operator NSUS Group for $500 million.

Title: World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series_of_Poker_Tournament_of_Champions
Excerpt: The World Series of Poker Tournament of Champions (WSOP ToC) is an invitational freeroll poker event.  The WSOP ToC has been played intermittently five times in the 21st Century with different formats.  The four WSOP ToC events held from 2004 to 2010 did not count as official WSOP bracelets events, with the winners receiving instead a large trophy in the shape of the official World Series of Poker logo.  In 2010, the WSOP Tournament of Champions returned with a new format more akin to a typical sports league All-Star Event format.  27 players vied for $1 million, with 20 of those players selected by the fans via online vote at the WSOP's website.  Controversies over the inclusion of commercially sponsored players resulted in a hiatus in the WSOP ToC for over a decade.
The WSOP ToC was reintroduced in 2022 as an official WSOP bracelet event (linked to the World Series of Poker Circuit).

Title: World Series of Poker multiple bracelet winners
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series_of_Poker_multiple_bracelet_winners
Excerpt: Below is a list of all poker players who have won multiple World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelets, together with the year(s) in which the bracelets were won.

Title: World Series of Poker bracelet
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Series_of_Poker_bracelet
Excerpt: The World Series of Poker (WSOP) bracelet is considered the most coveted non-monetary prize a poker player can win. Since 1976, a bracelet has been awarded to the winner of every event at the annual WSOP. Even if the victory occurred before 1976, WSOP championships are now counted as "bracelets". During the first years of the WSOP, only a handful of bracelets were awarded each year. In 1990, there were only 14 bracelet events. By 2000, that number increased to 24. As the popularity of poker has increased during the 2000s, the number of events has likewise increased. In 2011, 58 bracelets were awarded at the WSOP, seven at the World Series of Poker Europe (WSOPE), and one to the WSOP National Circuit Champion. This brought the total number of bracelets awarded up to 959. Five additional bracelets were awarded for the first time in April 2013 at the inaugural World Series of Poker Asia-Pacific (WSOP APAC) in Melbourne, Australia. In 2017, 74 bracelets were awarded at the WSOP and an additional 11 will be awarded at the WSOPE in Czech Republic.
After the conclusion of the 2014 WSOP APAC, there have been 1083 bracelets awarded, 500 of which were won by 170 players who have won at least two bracelets, with all of the other bracelets being won by one-time winners. This includes (up to this point) 22 Main Event winners with one bracelet: Hal Fowler, Bill Smith, Mansour Matloubi, Brad Daugherty, Russ Hamilton, Noel Furlong, Robert Varkonyi, Chris Moneymaker, Greg Raymer, Joe Hachem, Jamie Gold, Jerry Yang, Peter Eastgate, Pius Heinz, Ryan Riess, Martin Jacobson, Qui Nguyen, Scott Blumstein, John Cynn, Hossein Ensan, Damian Salas, and Koray Aldemir.

Title: List of World Series of Poker Main Event champions
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_World_Series_of_Poker_Main_Event_champions
Excerpt: The World Series of Poker (WSOP) is "the oldest, largest, most prestigious, and most media-hyped gaming competition in the world". It has been held annually since 1970 in Las Vegas. Since 1972, the Main Event of the WSOP has been the $10,000 buy-in no-limit Texas Hold 'Em tournament. The winner of the WSOP Main Event receives a World Series of Poker bracelet, millions of dollars (with the exact amount based on the number of entrants), and the right to be considered the year's World Champion of Poker. From 2008 to 2016, the nine players who made it to the final table of the Main Event were called the November Nine, a reference to the fact that the final table was completed in November, months after the Main Event's preliminary rounds were completed.
Until 2005, the WSOP was held at Binion's Horseshoe. In 2005, the event moved to the Rio All Suite Hotel and Casino. The 2005 Main Event was not played completely at the Rio. The final three tables, which comprised the final 27 players, played the conclusion of the event at Binion's Horseshoe. All the Main Events that followed the 2005 event were played completely at the Rio through 2019, as well as in 2021. Consequently, this made Joe Hachem the final player to win the Main Event at the original home of the World Series of Poker.