Title: Jawaharlal Nehru
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jawaharlal_Nehru
Excerpt: Jawaharlal Nehru (14 November 1889 – 27 May 1964) was an Indian lawyer, anti-colonial nationalist, secular humanist, social democrat, and statesman who was a central figure in India during the middle of the 20th century. Nehru was a principal leader of the Indian nationalist movement in the 1930s and 1940s. Upon India's independence in 1947, he served as the country's first prime minister, holding office for 16 years 286 days. Nehru promoted parliamentary democracy, secularism, and science and technology during the 1950s, powerfully influencing India's arc as a modern nation. In international affairs, he steered India clear of the two blocs of the Cold War.  A well-regarded author, he wrote books such as Letters from a Father to His Daughter (1929), An Autobiography (1936) and The Discovery of India (1946), that have been read around the world.
The son of Motilal Nehru, a prominent lawyer and Indian nationalist, Jawaharlal Nehru was educated in England—at Harrow School and Trinity College, Cambridge, and trained in the law at the Inner Temple. He became a barrister, returned to India, enrolled at the Allahabad High Court and gradually became interested in national politics, which eventually became a full-time occupation. He joined the Indian National Congress, rose to become the leader of a progressive faction during the 1920s, and eventually of the Congress, receiving the support of Mahatma Gandhi, who was to designate Nehru as his political heir. As Congress president in 1929, Nehru called for complete independence from the British Raj.
Nehru promoted the idea of the secular nation-state in the 1937 provincial elections, allowing the Congress to sweep the elections and form governments in several provinces.  In September 1939, the Congress ministries resigned to protest Viceroy Lord Linlithgow's decision to join the war without consulting them. After the All India Congress Committee's Quit India Resolution of 8 August 1942, senior Congress leaders were imprisoned, and for a time, the organisation was suppressed. Nehru, who had reluctantly heeded Gandhi's call for immediate independence, and had desired instead to support the Allied war effort during World War II, came out of a lengthy prison term to a much altered political landscape. Under Muhammad Ali Jinnah, the Muslim League had come to dominate Muslim politics in the interim. In the 1946 provincial elections, Congress won the elections, but the League won all the seats reserved for Muslims, which the British interpreted as a clear mandate for Pakistan in some form. Nehru became the interim prime minister of India in September 1946 and the League joined his government with some hesitancy in October 1946.
Upon India's independence on 15 August 1947, Nehru gave a critically acclaimed speech, "Tryst with Destiny"; he was sworn in as the Dominion of India's prime minister and raised the Indian flag at the Red Fort in Delhi. On 26 January 1950, when India became a republic within the Commonwealth of Nations, Nehru became the Republic of India's first prime minister. He embarked on an ambitious economic, social, and political reform programme. Nehru promoted a pluralistic multi-party democracy. In foreign affairs, he led the establishment of the Non-Aligned Movement, a group of nations that did not seek membership in the two main ideological blocs of the Cold War. Under Nehru's leadership, the Congress dominated national and state-level politics and won elections in 1951, 1957 and 1962. He died in office from a heart attack in 1964. His birthday is celebrated as Children's Day in India.

Title: H. V. R. Iengar
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H._V._R._Iengar
Excerpt: Haravu Venkatanarasingha Verada Raj "H. V. R." Iengar CIE, ICS (23 August 1902 – 22 February 1978) was the sixth Governor of the Reserve Bank of India from 1 March 1957 to 28 February 1962.
He was a member of the Indian Civil Service, entering service on 20 October 1926.  He was invested as a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (CIE) in the 1941 New Year Honours. He served as the Chairman of State Bank of India, before his appointment as the Governor of the Reserve Bank.
During Iengar's tenure, the Indian coinage system shifted from the earlier pies, paise, and anna system to the modern decimal coinage system. During his tenure also variable cash reserve ratio and selective credit control were introduced for the first time in India. He received the Padma Vibhushan, India`s second highest civilian honour from the Government of India in 1962.  In 2002 on his birth centenary, an illustrated book, Snapshots of History— Through The Writings of H V R Iyengar consisting of articles written by Iengar after his retirement in 1962, were compiled and edited by his daughter Indira and son-in-law Bipin Patel.

Title: Nikhil Nanda
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikhil_Nanda
Excerpt: Nikhil Nanda (born 18 March 1973) is an Indian businessman, currently serving as the Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of Escorts Kubota Limited (formerly Escorts Limited), an Indian multinational engineering conglomerate that specialises in agricultural and construction equipment and machinery. He is a third-generation entrepreneur, being the grandson of Har Prasad Nanda, who founded the company in 1944, and son of Rajan Nanda, who served as the CMD of the group until August 2018.

Title: Vedic period
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vedic_period
Excerpt: The Vedic period, or the Vedic age (c. 1500 – c. 500 BCE), is the period in the late Bronze Age and early Iron Age of the history of India when the Vedic literature, including the Vedas (c. 1500–900 BCE), was composed in the northern Indian subcontinent, between the end of the urban Indus Valley Civilisation and a second urbanisation, which began in the central Indo-Gangetic Plain c. 600 BCE. The Vedas are liturgical texts which formed the basis of the influential Brahmanical ideology, which developed in the Kuru kingdom, a tribal union of several Indo-Aryan tribes. The Vedas contain details of life during this period that have been interpreted to be historical and constitute the primary sources for understanding the period. These documents, alongside the corresponding archaeological record, allow for the evolution of the Indo-Aryan and Vedic culture to be traced and inferred.
The Vedas were composed and orally transmitted with precision by speakers of an Old Indo-Aryan language who had migrated into the northwestern regions of the Indian subcontinent early in this period. The Vedic society was patriarchal and patrilineal. Early Indo-Aryans were a Late Bronze Age society centred in the Punjab, organised into tribes rather than kingdoms, and primarily sustained by a pastoral way of life.
Around c. 1200–1000 BCE the Aryan culture spread eastward to the fertile western Ganges Plain. Iron tools were adopted, which allowed for the clearing of forests and the adoption of a more settled, agricultural way of life. The second half of the Vedic period was characterised by the emergence of towns, kingdoms, and a complex social differentiation distinctive to India, and the Kuru kingdom's codification of orthodox sacrificial ritual. During this time, the central Ganges Plain was dominated by a related but non-Vedic Indo-Aryan culture, of Greater Magadha. The end of the Vedic period witnessed the rise of true cities and large states (called mahajanapadas) as well as śramaṇa movements (including Jainism and Buddhism) which challenged the Vedic orthodoxy.
The Vedic period saw the emergence of a hierarchy of social classes that would remain influential. Vedic religion developed into Brahmanical orthodoxy, and around the beginning of the Common Era, the Vedic tradition formed one of the main constituents of "Hindu synthesis".
Archaeological cultures identified with phases of Indo-Aryan material culture include the Ochre Coloured Pottery culture (OCP), the Gandhara grave culture, the Black and Red ware culture (BRW) and the Painted Grey Ware culture (PGW).

Title: Goutham Nanda
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Goutham_Nanda
Excerpt: Goutham Nanda is a 2017 Indian Telugu-language action drama film written and directed by Sampath Nandi. The film is an adaptation of the ANR starrer 1961 film Iddaru Mitrulu, which itself is a remake of Uttam Kumar's Bengali film Tasher Ghar (1957), also influenced by Daphne Du Maurier’s famous novel The Scapegoat. It stars Gopichand in a dual role as hero and villain along with Hansika Motwani and Catherine Tresa while Mukesh Rishi, Sachin Khedekar, and Nikitin Dheer appear in supporting roles. 
The film has music composed by S. Thaman. The plot follows two lookalikes, Goutham and Nanda, who meet while trying to end their lives. Goutham is a billionaire's spoiled son who wants to feel emotions and Nanda is a poverty-stricken software engineer who wants to become a billionaire. They decide to swap their identities for a month and eventually face challenges from each other as they both start savoring the lives they wanted to live. 
The film was released theatrically on 28 July 2017 where it received positive reviews with praise for the production values, action sequences, performances, soundtrack and dialogues. Despite failing commercially, over the years it has found more acceptance and became more popular, especially receiving accolades from audience regarding films theme and message of the movie and thrill elements. Now it is considered a cult classic.