Title: Robert Johnson
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robert_Johnson
Excerpt: Robert Leroy Johnson (May 8, 1911 – August 16, 1938) was an American blues musician and songwriter. His singing, guitar playing and songwriting on his landmark 1936 and 1937 recordings have influenced later generations of musicians. Although his recording career spanned only seven months, he is recognized as a master of the blues, particularly the Delta blues style, and as one of the most influential musicians of the 20th century. The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame describes him as perhaps "the first ever rock star".
As a traveling performer who played mostly on street corners, in juke joints, and at Saturday night dances, Johnson had little commercial success or public recognition in his lifetime. He had only two recording sessions both produced by Don Law, one in San Antonio in 1936, and one in Dallas in 1937, that produced 29 distinct songs (with 13 surviving alternate takes). These songs, recorded solo in improvised studios, were the sum of his recorded output. Most were released as 10-inch, 78 rpm singles from 1937 to 1938, with a few released after his death. Other than these recordings, very little was known of his life outside of the small musical circuit in the Mississippi Delta where he spent most of his time. Much of his story has been reconstructed by researchers. Johnson's poorly documented life and death have given rise to legends. The one most often associated with him is that he sold his soul to the devil at a local crossroads in return for musical success.
His music had a small but influential following during his life and in the decades after his death. In late 1938, John Hammond sought him out for a concert at Carnegie Hall, From Spirituals to Swing, only to discover that Johnson had recently died. Hammond was a producer for Columbia Records which bought Johnson's original recordings from Brunswick Records which owned them. The musicologist Alan Lomax went to Mississippi in 1941 to record Johnson, also not knowing of his death. In 1961, Columbia released an album of Johnson's recordings titled King of the Delta Blues Singers, produced by legendary producer and music historian Frank Driggs. It is credited with finally bringing Johnson's work to a wider audience. The album would become influential, especially in the nascent British blues movement; Eric Clapton called Johnson "the most important blues singer that ever lived". Bob Dylan, Keith Richards, and Robert Plant have cited both Johnson's lyrics and musicianship as key influences on their own work. Many of Johnson's songs have been covered over the years, becoming hits for other artists, and his guitar licks and lyrics have been borrowed by many later musicians.
Renewed interest in Johnson's work and life led to a burst of scholarship starting in the 1960s. Much of what is known about him was reconstructed by researchers such as Gayle Dean Wardlow and Bruce Conforth, especially in their 2019 award-winning biography of Johnson: Up Jumped the Devil: The Real Life of Robert Johnson (Chicago Review Press). Two films, the 1991 documentary The Search for Robert Johnson by John Hammond Jr., and a 1997 documentary, Can't You Hear the Wind Howl?: The Life & Music of Robert Johnson, which included reconstructed scenes with Keb' Mo' as Johnson, attempted to document his life, and demonstrated the difficulties arising from the scant historical record and conflicting oral accounts. Over the years, the significance of Johnson and his music has been recognized by the Rock and Roll, Grammy, and Blues Halls of Fame, and by the National Recording Preservation Board.

Title: I, Claudius
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I,_Claudius
Excerpt: I, Claudius is a historical novel written by Robert Graves and published in 1934. Written in the form of an autobiography of the Roman Emperor Claudius, it tells the history of the Julio-Claudian dynasty and the early years of the Roman Empire, from Julius Caesar's assassination in 44 BC to Caligula's assassination in AD 41. Though the narrative is largely fictionalised, most of the events depicted are drawn from historical accounts of the same time period by the Roman historians Suetonius and Tacitus.
The "autobiography" continues in a sequel, Claudius the God (1935), which covers the period from Claudius's accession to his death in AD 54. The sequel also includes a section written as a biography of Herod Agrippa, a contemporary of Claudius and the king of Judaea. Both books were adapted by the BBC into the award-winning television serial I, Claudius in 1976.
Graves stated in an interview with Malcolm Muggeridge in 1965, that he wrote I, Claudius mainly because he needed the money to pay off a debt, having been let down in a land deal. He needed to raise £4,000 (equivalent to £248,000 in 2025), but with the success of the books he brought in £8,000 (equivalent to £492,000 in 2025) in six months, thus extricating himself from his precarious financial position.
In 1998, the Modern Library ranked I, Claudius fourteenth on its list of the 100 best English-language novels of the 20th century. In 2005, the novel was chosen by Time as one of the 100 best English-language novels from 1923 to present.

Title: Niccolò Carissa
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Niccol%C3%B2_Carissa
Excerpt: Niccolò Carissa (born 1730, date of death unknown)  was an Italian painter who produced several still-life paintings of flowers, vegetables, and birds. He worked in Rome and Naples.

Title: Assassination of Robert F. Kennedy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Assassination_of_Robert_F._Kennedy
Excerpt: On June 5, 1968, Robert F. Kennedy was shot by 24-year-old Sirhan Sirhan at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles, California. Medical teams attempted to treat him, but he died the following day at the age of 42.
Kennedy, a United States senator and candidate in the 1968 Democratic Party presidential primaries, won the California and South Dakota primaries on June 4. He addressed his campaign supporters in the Ambassador Hotel's Embassy Ballroom. After leaving the podium, and exiting through a kitchen hallway, he was mortally wounded by multiple shots fired by Sirhan. Kennedy died at Good Samaritan Hospital nearly 25 hours later. His body was returned to the East and buried at Arlington National Cemetery.
Sirhan, a Palestinian Christian who held strong anti-Zionist and pro-Palestinian beliefs, testified at trial in 1969 that he killed Kennedy "with 20 years of malice aforethought"; he was convicted and sentenced to death. Due to People v. Anderson, his sentence was commuted to life in prison in 1972 with a possibility of parole. His parole request has been denied numerous times. Kennedy's assassination prompted the U.S. Secret Service to extend their security to protect presidential candidates. Numerous conspiracy theories arose related to Kennedy's murder.
The assassination was one of several that murdered major political figures in the 1960s in the United States. Others include the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy (elder brother of Robert F. Kennedy) in 1963, Malcolm X in 1965, and Martin Luther King Jr. in April 1968.

Title: Death in Small Doses (1957 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_in_Small_Doses_(1957_film)
Excerpt: Death in Small Doses is a 1957 American film noir crime film directed by Joseph M. Newman and starring Peter Graves and Mala Powers. A government agent investigates the use of illegal amphetamines among long-haul truck drivers.