Title: Royce Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Royce_Gracie
Excerpt: Royce Gracie (Portuguese: [ˈʁɔjsi ˈɡɾejsi]; born 12 December 1966) is a Brazilian former professional mixed martial artist. Gracie gained fame for his success in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). He is a member of the Gracie jiu-jitsu family, a UFC Hall of Famer, and is considered to be one of the most influential figures in the history of mixed martial arts (MMA). He also competed in PRIDE Fighting Championships, K-1's MMA events, and Bellator.
In 1993 and 1994, Gracie was the tournament winner of UFC 1, UFC 2 and UFC 4, which were openweight single-elimination tournaments with minimal rules. He used his skills in submission grappling to defeat larger and heavier opponents. He was also known for his rivalry with Ken Shamrock, whom he beat in UFC 1 and then fought to a draw in the rematch for the Superfight Championship at UFC 5. Royce later competed in PRIDE Fighting Championships, where he is most remembered for his 90-minute bout against catch wrestler Kazushi Sakuraba in 2000, and a controversial "judo vs jiu-jitsu" special-rules match against Hidehiko Yoshida, an Olympic gold medalist in judo, at PRIDE Shockwave in 2002.
Royce Gracie's success in the UFC popularized Gracie jiu-jitsu (commonly referred to as "Brazilian" jiu-jitsu) and revolutionized mixed martial arts, contributing to the movement towards grappling and ground fighting. For his pioneering in mixed martial arts, Gracie was the first inductee to the UFC Hall of Fame in 2003 alongside his once-rival Ken Shamrock. He was inducted into the Martial Arts History Museum Hall of Fame in 2007, and later into the International Sports Hall of Fame in 2016.

Title: Tank Abbott
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tank_Abbott
Excerpt: David Lee "Tank" Abbott (born April 26, 1965) is an American retired mixed martial arts fighter, professional wrestler, and author. He currently hosts his own podcast series titled "The Proving Ground with Tank Abbott." Abbott is perhaps best known for being an icon in the early stages of mixed martial arts and the UFC, but has also competed in the PRIDE Fighting Championships, Strikeforce, EliteXC, and Cage Rage, challenging for the UFC heavyweight Championship once in 1997. His fighting style, which he developed brawling in the bars and streets of Huntington Beach, California, was described by his future manager Dave Thomas as "Pit Fighting".  He also authored the three novels of the Befor There Were Rules trilogy, Bar Brawler, Street Warrior, and Cage Fighter.

Title: Rickson Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rickson_Gracie
Excerpt: Rickson Gracie (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈʁiksõ ˈɡɾejsi]; born November 21, 1959) is a Brazilian retired mixed martial artist. He is a member of the Gracie family: the third oldest son of Hélio Gracie, brother to Rorion and Relson Gracie, and half-brother to Rolker, Royce, Robin and Royler Gracie. In the 1980s and 1990s, he was widely considered to be the best fighter of the Gracie clan, and one of the toughest in the world. In July 2017, he was promoted to ninth-degree red belt, the second-highest ranking in Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Rickson Gracie is considered an important pioneer for both Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and mixed martial arts (MMA). He had several vale tudo bouts in Brazil in the 1980s, and in the 1990s Gracie became a high-profile competitor in Japan, having won Vale Tudo Japan 1994 and 1995 tournaments, he also headlined Pride 1 and Pride 4 against popular professional wrestler Nobuhiko Takada, all which are credited to have helped to popularize the sport in Japan. He retired with an undefeated record of 11 wins and no losses, all by submission.

Title: Georges St-Pierre
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Georges_St-Pierre
Excerpt: Georges St-Pierre  (French pronunciation: [ʒɔʁʒ sɛ̃ pjɛʁ]; born May 19, 1981), also known by his initials GSP, is a Canadian former professional mixed martial artist. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest fighters in mixed martial arts (MMA) history. St-Pierre was a two-division champion in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC), winning titles in the welterweight and middleweight divisions.
St-Pierre is a three-time former UFC Welterweight Champion, winning the title twice and the interim title once between November 2006 and April 2008. He was ranked as the #1 welterweight in the world for several years by Sherdog and other publications. In 2008, 2009, and 2010, he was named the Canadian Athlete of the Year by Rogers Sportsnet. Fight Matrix lists him as the top MMA welterweight of all time and the most accomplished fighter in MMA history. He was voted as the greatest pound-for-pound MMA fighter in history in The Athletic MMA fighter survey. He still holds several UFC welterweight records, including the most title-fight victories (12), the most successful title defenses (9), highest significant strike defense percentage (73.1%), highest takedown accuracy (73.7%), and the most takedowns landed (87). St-Pierre also holds the UFC records for most control time (2:42:04) and most top position time (2:22:05).
St-Pierre retired as the reigning welterweight champion in December 2013, having held the record for most wins in title bouts and the second longest combined title streak in UFC history (2,204 days) while defending his title nine consecutive times. He also won a record 33 consecutive rounds between 2007 to 2011. He returned to the Octagon in November 2017 at UFC 217, when he defeated Michael Bisping by submission to win the middleweight title, thus becoming the fourth fighter in the UFC to be a multi-division champion. He relinquished the title a few weeks later, citing health reasons, and officially retired from MMA.
Outside his competitive fighting career, St-Pierre has appeared in several films, such as the martial arts film Kickboxer: Vengeance (2016), the superhero film Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), and the action films Cartels (2017) and King of Killers (2023).

Title: Mark Schultz (wrestler)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mark_Schultz_(wrestler)
Excerpt: Mark Philip Schultz (born October 26, 1960) is an Olympic Champion American freestyle wrestler. Schultz was a 3-time NCAA champion, Olympic champion and 2-time World champion. In 1995, Schultz was inducted into the National Wrestling Hall of Fame as a Distinguished Member. He is also in the San Jose Sports Hall of Fame, the California Wrestling Hall of Fame, and the San Mateo Peninsula Sports Hall of Fame.
He and his older brother, wrestler Dave Schultz, both won gold medals in wrestling in the same Olympics (1984). They are the only American brothers to win both World and Olympic gold, and have won more NCAA, U.S. Open, World, and Olympic titles than any other American brother combination in history.
He ended his career in the UFC IX under NHB (no-holds-barred) rules vs UFC VIII runner-up Gary "Big Daddy" Goodridge. His life story is in the book "Foxcatcher" a NY Times best seller & Amazon's "Editor's Pick".