Title: Jeezy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeezy
Excerpt: Jay Wayne Jenkins (born September 28, 1977), known by his stage name Jeezy (formerly Young Jeezy), is an American rapper. He is credited, alongside fellow Georgia-based rappers T.I. and Gucci Mane, with pioneering the hip hop subgenre trap music for mainstream audiences. Jenkins began his career in 2001, releasing two independent albums until signing with Def Jam Recordings to release his major label debut, Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101 (2005). The album peaked at number two on the Billboard 200, sold 172,000 copies in its first week, and received double platinum certification by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA); its lead single, "Soul Survivor" (featuring Akon), peaked at number four on the Billboard Hot 100 and remains his highest-charting song.
His second and third albums, Thug Motivation 102: The Inspiration (2006) and The Recession (2008) were met with continued success as both peaked atop the Billboard 200; the latter earned a Grammy Award nomination for its lead single, "Put On" (featuring Kanye West). After three follow-up albums, his ninth, Trap or Die 3 (2016) peaked the chart once more. His other platinum-certified singles include "I Luv It", "Go Getta" (featuring R. Kelly), "My President" (featuring Nas), "Lose My Mind" (featuring Plies), and "Leave You Alone" (featuring Ne-Yo), among others. In addition, Jenkins has guest featured on numerous R&B singles, including "Say I" by Christina Milian, "I'm So Paid" by Akon, "Hard" by Rihanna, and "Love in This Club" by Usher; the latter peaked atop the Billboard Hot 100 in 2008.
Along with his solo career, Jenkins is the de facto leader of the Southern hip hop group United Streets Dopeboyz of America (U.S.D.A.), and a former member of the Bad Boy Records group Boyz n da Hood. His record label, CTE World, was founded in 2001 and has signed artists including YG and Freddie Gibbs.

Title: Akon
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akon
Excerpt: Aliaune Damala Bouga Time Puru Nacka Lu Lu Lu Badara Akon Thiam (born April 16, 1973), known professionally as Akon ( AY-kawn), is a Senegalese-American singer, songwriter, record producer, businessman, and philanthropist. An influential figure in world music, he rose to prominence in 2004 following the release of his single "Locked Up" (featuring Styles P). Styled in hip-hop, it preceded the release of his debut studio album Trouble (2004), which became his commercial breakthrough and spawned the R&B-styled follow-up, "Lonely", the following year.
His second album, Konvicted (2006), peaked at number two on the Billboard 200 and was nominated for Best Contemporary R&B Album at the 50th Annual Grammy Awards, while its lead singles — "I Wanna Love You" (featuring Snoop Dogg) and "Smack That" (featuring Eminem) — both received nominations for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration. The songs simultaneously peaked at numbers one and two on the Billboard Hot 100, respectively, along with two of his singles released the following year: "Don't Matter" and his guest performance on Gwen Stefani's "The Sweet Escape"; this made Akon the first solo artist to concurrently hold the top two positions on the chart twice. His third album, Freedom (2008), was supported by the top ten single, "Right Now (Na Na Na)", as well as the top 40 singles "I'm So Paid" (featuring Lil Wayne and Jeezy) and "Beautiful" (featuring Colby O'Donis and Kardinal Offishall). His fourth album, El Negreeto (2019), explored reggaeton and Latin music, while his fifth album, Akonda (also 2019), explored Afrobeats; both of which failed to chart.
Along with his solo career, Akon has guest performed on 23 Billboard Hot 100 entries for other artists—such activity earned him two additional Grammy Award nominations. Akon founded the record labels Konvict Muzik in 2004 and KonLive Distribution in 2007, through which he has signed commercially successful acts including Lady Gaga, T-Pain, R. City, Kardinal Offishall, Jeffree Star and French Montana, among others. In addition, he holds a separate career in production and songwriting predominantly for artists on the labels, but also for other artists such as Michael Jackson, Snoop Dogg, Lionel Richie, Leona Lewis, Sean Paul, Whitney Houston, Mario, and Estelle, among others.
Akon's charitable and philanthropic endeavors include the non-profit Akon Lighting Africa, launched in 2014. Forbes ranked Akon 80th (Power Rank) in the Forbes Celebrity 100 in 2010 and 5th in the 40 Most Powerful Celebrities in Africa list, in 2011. Billboard ranked Akon number 6 on the list of Top Digital Songs Artists of the decade. He was listed by Guinness World Records as the number-one selling artist for master ringtones in the world, with 11 million sold by December 2007.

Title: Akon discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Akon_discography
Excerpt: The Senegalese-American singer Akon has released six studio albums, four mixtapes, one extended play, thirty eight singles, eight promotional singles and ninety-two music videos. Born in St. Louis, Missouri, Akon lived in Senegal with his family until the age of seven, when they returned to the United States to live in New Jersey. A three-year prison sentence inspired Akon to begin recording songs in his home studio: Universal Records signed him after becoming aware of his music, and his debut album Trouble was released in June 2004. Two of its singles – "Locked Up" and "Lonely" – reached the top ten of the US Billboard Hot 100, with the latter topping numerous singles charts worldwide and being certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Trouble also included the singles "Gunshot (Fiesta Riddim)", "Ghetto", "Belly Dancer (Bananza)" and "Pot of Gold", and was eventually certified Platinum by the RIAA and by the British Phonographic Industry in the United Kingdom, where it reached number one on the UK Albums Chart.
Akon's increasing popularity led to him making numerous guest appearances on other artists' songs: in 2005, he appeared on the singles "Baby I'm Back" by Baby Bash and "Soul Survivor" by Young Jeezy, which charted at number 19 and number four on the Billboard Hot 100 respectively. His second studio album, Konvicted, was released the following November to further commercial success, reaching number two on the Billboard 200 and the top twenty of many international albums charts, as well as subsequently being certified triple Platinum by the RIAA. The singles "Smack That", "I Wanna Love You" and "Don't Matter" all achieved commercial success worldwide, with the former reaching number two on the Billboard Hot 100 and topping the New Zealand and UK singles charts, and the latter two becoming his first songs to top the Hot 100. Akon contributed guest vocals to a large number of commercially successful singles throughout 2007 and 2008: "The Sweet Escape" by singer Gwen Stefani, which reached number two on the Australian, New Zealand and UK singles charts as well as in the United States, "I Tried" by Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, "Bartender" by T-Pain, "Sweetest Girl (Dollar Bill)" by Wyclef Jean and "Dangerous" by Kardinal Offishall, among several others.
Akon's third album, Freedom, marked a significant stylistic transition from his first two: it eschewed the hip hop and R&B influences of Trouble and Konvicted for a more dance-pop orientated sound. "Right Now (Na Na Na)", the album's first single, reached number eight on the Hot 100, and the following two singles, "I'm So Paid" and "Beautiful" reached the top forty of the Hot 100, with the latter reaching the top 40 of many singles charts worldwide. Akon continued to frequently appear on singles by other artists following Freedom – in particular the French disc jockey David Guetta single "Sexy Bitch", which topped numerous singles charts worldwide – and his 2010 single, "Angel", reached number 56 on the Hot 100.

Title: Freedom (Akon album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freedom_(Akon_album)
Excerpt: Freedom is the third studio album by Senegalese-American singer-songwriter Akon. The album was originally named Acquitted; however, Akon changed it before it was released. It was released as a download on December 1, 2008, and in stores December 2, 2008. The album debuted at number 7 on the Billboard 200 with 110,600 copies sold in its first week.

Title: I'm So Paid
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I%27m_So_Paid
Excerpt: "I'm So Paid" is a song by Senegalese-American singer Akon from his third studio album, Freedom. The song features additional vocals from rappers Lil Wayne and Young Jeezy, and was released as a digital download worldwide and a physical single in France only on October 4, 2008.