Title: Punch-Drunk Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Punch-Drunk_Love
Excerpt: Punch-Drunk Love is a 2002 American absurdist romantic comedy drama film, produced, written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson. Adam Sandler stars as an entrepreneur with social anxiety who falls in love with his sister's co-worker, played by Emily Watson. The supporting cast includes Philip Seymour Hoffman and Luis Guzmán.
After working on his third film Magnolia, Anderson planned to make his next film around 90 minutes, with Sandler in mind as the lead due to Anderson's love for him and his films. It features the video art of Jeremy Blake in the form of visual interludes.
Punch-Drunk Love was produced by Columbia Pictures, Revolution Studios, New Line Cinema and Ghoulardi Film Company, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It premiered at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival on May 19, 2002 before being released theatrically in the United States on November 1, 2002.
Despite its box-office disappointment, grossing $24.7 million against its $25 million production budget, Punch-Drunk Love received positive reviews from critics, with Sandler's performance receiving widespread acclaim, making a launchpad for Sandler to pursue dramatic or unconventional film roles outside of his usual mainstream comedies. A favorite of several prominent filmmakers and actors, it has been included in lists of the greatest movies of the 21st century.

Title: Love Drunk
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Love_Drunk
Excerpt: Love Drunk is the second studio album by the American pop rock band Boys Like Girls, released on September 8, 2009, by Columbia Records. The album was recorded in New York City and Vancouver because there are "two different producers/production teams, two different environments, and two different styles of inspiration" stated by the band's frontman Martin Johnson. The album peaked at #8 on the Billboard 200, making it the biggest hit for the band. Its lead single, the title track was released on July 7, 2009, shortly followed by "She's Got a Boyfriend Now", "Two Is Better Than One" featuring Taylor Swift, and "Heart Heart Heartbreak". This is the last album to feature bassist Bryan Donahue before his departure in 2011.

Title: Talk That Talk
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk_That_Talk
Excerpt: Talk That Talk is the sixth studio album by the Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on November 18, 2011 by Def Jam Recordings, SRP Records, and Roc Nation. Talk That Talk was recorded during the Loud Tour between February and November 2011. It was originally planned to be a reissue of her previous studio album Loud (2010). As executive producer, Rihanna enlisted a wide range of producers including Alex da Kid, Calvin Harris, Chase & Status, No I.D., and Stargate  to achieve her desired sound. Following in the same vein as Loud, Talk That Talk is a dance-oriented pop/R&B crossover album that incorporates elements of hip-hop, dubstep, electronic and house music. The album also contains subtle dancehall influences while its lyrical content and themes revolve around a nihilistic, romantic, and lascivious lover.
Talk That Talk received generally positive reviews from music critics, who praised the album's lyrics. Others were less favorable of its themes. Talk That Talk debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 with first-week sales of 198,000 copies and went on to sell 1.15 million copies in the United States by June 2015. The album also peaked at number one in Austria, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, where it debuted at number one on the UK Albums Chart, selling 163,000 copies in its first week. As of April 2012, the album has been certified triple Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for shipments of 900,000 copies. According to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI), Talk That Talk was the ninth global best-selling album of 2011. As of March 2013, the album has sold more than 5.5 million copies worldwide.
The album produced six singles, led by "We Found Love". The song became an international hit, topping the charts of 27 countries, including the US Billboard Hot 100, where it became Rihanna's eleventh number-one song and her longest-running chart-topper, spending 10 weeks at the top. "You da One", "Talk That Talk" (featuring rapper Jay-Z) and a remix of "Birthday Cake" (featuring Chris Brown) experienced moderate success, while "Where Have You Been" reached the top ten of twenty countries around the world. A remixed form of "Cockiness (Love It)" (featuring rapper ASAP Rocky) was released to further promote the album.

Title: Drunk in Love
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drunk_in_Love
Excerpt: "Drunk in Love" is a song by American singer Beyoncé featuring American rapper Jay-Z. The duo wrote the song with the help of its producers Detail, Andre Eric Proctor, Rasool Diaz, Brian Soko, Timbaland, J-Roc and Boots. The song was released as a single from Beyoncé's fifth studio album, Beyoncé, on December 16, 2013. The song features prominent influences of trap music. Its lyrics, which depict female sexuality, are performed in a confident, salacious manner.
Many music critics called the song a follow up to Beyoncé's and Jay-Z's song "Crazy in Love" (2003). "Drunk in Love" peaked at number two on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart, spending eight weeks in the top ten. It peaked atop the music chart of South Africa and reached the top ten in France, Ireland, Lebanon, New Zealand, Portugal and the United Kingdom. At the 57th Annual Grammy Awards, "Drunk in Love" won Best R&B Song and Best R&B Performance.
The song's music video was directed by Hype Williams and shot in black-and-white in Golden Beach, Florida at a beach front manse. The visual features scenes of the pair singing the song together. "Drunk in Love" was performed by Beyoncé and Jay-Z at the 56th Grammy Awards. It was later added to the set lists of the second European leg of Beyoncé's The Mrs. Carter Show World Tour in 2013 and the pair's joint On the Run Tour in 2014. Numerous remixes and cover versions of the song were made, including an official remix with American rapper and collaborator of both artists, Kanye West. The music video won the Best Collaboration and was nominated for the Video of the Year at the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards.

Title: I'm Drunk, I Love You
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I%27m_Drunk,_I_Love_You
Excerpt: I'm Drunk, I Love You is a 2017 Filipino romantic comedy independent film directed by JP Habac, and written by Habac and Giancarlo Abrahan. It stars Maja Salvador and Paulo Avelino, who previously worked together in the 2015 television soap opera Bridges of Love; the film serves as their second project together. The film tells the story of two best friends, Carson (Salvador) and Dio (Avelino), and the former's seven-year-long unrequited love for the latter.
The film, whose title is commonly abbreviated as "IDILY", was released in the Philippines on February 15, 2017.