Title: Kautokeino Municipality
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kautokeino_Municipality
Excerpt: Kautokeino (Norwegian: Kautokeino; Northern Sami: Guovdageaidnu [ˈkuo̯vːtaˌkea̯jːtnuː]; Kven: Koutokeino; Finnish: Koutokeino) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Guovdageaidnu/Kautokeino. Other villages include Láhpoluoppal and Máze.
The 9,707-square-kilometre (3,748 sq mi) municipality is the largest by area out of the 357 municipalities in Norway. Kautokeino is the 236th most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 2,848. The municipality's population density is 0.3 inhabitants per square kilometre (0.78/sq mi) and its population has decreased by 2.8% over the previous 10-year period.
Guovdageainnu Municipality (Kautokeino) is one of two cultural centers of Northern Sápmi today (the other being the neighboring Kárášjoga Municipality). The most significant industries are reindeer herding, theatre/movie industry, and the public education system. Kautokeino is one of the coldest places in the Nordics.

Title: International Federation of Liberal Youth
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Federation_of_Liberal_Youth
Excerpt: The International Federation of Liberal Youth (IFLRY) is a political international & liberal youth organization. It consists of a global membership of national youth organizations. These are often but not exclusively affiliated with political parties that are members of Liberal International.
IFLRY holds full member status to Liberal International and the European Youth Forum (YFJ), which operates within the Council of Europe and European Union areas and works closely with both these bodies. Since 2014, IFLRY has held special consultative status to ECOSOC. IFLRY also holds observer status to UNFCCC and has sent delegations to COP since COP15 in Copenhagen in 2009.

Title: Abid Raja
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abid_Raja
Excerpt: Abid Qayyum Raja (born 5 November 1975) is a Norwegian lawyer and Liberal Party politician who served as Minister of Culture from 2020 to 2021. He was elected to the Storting as representative for Akershus in 2013 where he served as second deputy chair of the Standing Committee on Transport and Communications and also is a member of the Standing Committee on Scrutiny and Constitutional Affairs. In October 2017, Raja was elected as the vice-president of the Storting, the second time in Norway's history that a Muslim has been elected to that office.
Raja has written three books, the latter of which My fault (Min skyld) won the 2021 Norwegian Bookseller's Prize and was the most sold non-fiction book in Norway in 2021 and 2022.

Title: Kristine Bonnevie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kristine_Bonnevie
Excerpt: Kristine Elisabet Heuch Bonnevie (8 October 1872 – 30 August 1948) was a Norwegian biologist. She was the first woman to graduate with a science doctorate in Norway (and the second woman overall), Norway's first woman professor, a women's rights activist, and a politician for the Free-minded Liberal Party. Her fields of research were cytology, genetics, and embryology. She was among the first women to be elected to political office in Norway. She suggested the epic voyage of her graduate student Thor Heyerdahl on the raft Kon-tiki, a voyage memorialized in the Kon-Tiki Museum, Oslo.

Title: 2025 Norwegian parliamentary election
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2025_Norwegian_parliamentary_election
Excerpt: Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 8 September 2025 to elect all 169 members of the Storting, the Norwegian parliament, for the 2025–2029 parliamentary term. Advance voting took place from 11 August to 5 September.
The election resulted in incumbent Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre's Labour Party winning the most seats. The opposition Conservative Party, led by former Prime Minister Erna Solberg, fell to third place for the first time since 2009. The right-wing populist Progress Party gained seats in the Storting and ended up with 47 seats, the highest seat count in the party's history; this made it the largest opposition party for the term. It also marked the highest voter turn-out since 1989.
The red-green bloc won a majority with 88 seats, allowing Støre to continue as Prime Minister in his minority government. The victory came after years of poor opinion polling, after which the Labour Party made a political comeback. Issues in the election included taxes, immigration, foreign relations, healthcare, and rising inequality.