Title: Politics of Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Politics_of_Norway
Excerpt: The politics of Norway takes place in the framework of a parliamentary, representative democratic constitutional monarchy. Executive power is exercised by the king, Council of State, and the cabinet, led by the prime minister. Legislative power is vested in both the government and the legislature, elected in a multi-party system. The judiciary is independent of the executive branch and the legislature.
The Economist Intelligence Unit rated Norway a "full democracy" in 2022.  According to the V-Dem Democracy indices Norway was 2023 the second most electoral democratic country in the world. Reporters Without Borders ranked Norway 1st in the world in the 2024 Press Freedom Index. Freedom House's 2020 Freedom in the World report classified Norway as "free", scoring maximum points in the categories of "political rights" and "civil liberties".

Title: Progress Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Progress_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Progress Party (Bokmål: Fremskrittspartiet; Nynorsk: Framstegspartiet, FrP; Northern Sami: Ovddádusbellodat) is a political party in Norway. It is generally positioned to the right of the Conservative Party, and is considered the most right-wing party to be represented in parliament. It is often described as hard right or right-wing populist, which has been disputed in public discourse, and has been described by various academics and some journalists as far-right. By 2020, the party attained a growing national conservative faction. Since the 2025 parliamentary election, it has been Norway's second largest political party, winning 47 seats in the Storting. It was a partner in the government coalition led by the Conservative Party from 2013 to 2020.
The Progress Party focuses on law and order, downsizing the bureaucracy and the public sector; the FrP identifies as an economic liberal party which competes with the left to represent the workers of Norway. The Progress Party calls for a strict immigration policy, integration of immigrants and for the removal of illegal immigrants or foreigners who commit crimes. During its time in coalition government from 2013, the party oversaw the creation of a Minister for Integration and increased the process of deporting failed asylum seekers or migrants with criminal convictions. It has been described as anti-immigration; nevertheless, the FrP also supports free migration to and from the European Union through the European Economic Area as well as helping refugees through the United Nations Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees. After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Progress Party has been amenable to receiving Ukrainian refugees.
The Progress Party was founded by Anders Lange in 1973 as an anti-tax protest movement. Its development was greatly influenced by Carl I. Hagen, the party's long-standing leader between 1978 and 2006. Siv Jensen served as the party leader between 2006 and 2021. She was succeeded by her deputy leader, Sylvi Listhaug on 8 May 2021.

Title: Siljan, Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siljan,_Norway
Excerpt: Siljan is a municipality in Telemark county, Norway. It is located in the traditional district of Grenland. The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Siljan. Other villages in Siljan include Snurråsen and Øverbø.
The 214-square-kilometre (83 sq mi) municipality is the 299th largest by area out of the 356 municipalities in Norway. Siljan is the 261st most populous municipality in Norway with a population of 2,375. The municipality's population density is 11.7 inhabitants per square kilometre (30/sq mi) and its population has decreased by 2.1% over the previous 10-year period.
The older main road that connects the cities of Skien, Larvik, and Oslo passes through Siljan.

Title: 2011 Norway attacks
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Norway_attacks
Excerpt: On 22 July 2011, 32-year-old far-right extremist Anders Behring Breivik committed two domestic terrorist attacks in Norway against the government, the civilian population, and a Workers' Youth League (AUF) summer camp, in which a total of 77 people were killed.
The first attack was a car bomb explosion in Oslo within Regjeringskvartalet, the executive government quarter of Norway, at 15:25:22 (CEST). The bomb was placed inside a Volkswagen Crafter van next to the tower block housing the office of the then prime minister Jens Stoltenberg. The explosion killed 8 people and injured at least 210 people, 12 severely.
The second attack occurred less than two hours later at a summer camp on the island of Utøya in Tyrifjorden, Buskerud. The camp was organised by the AUF, the youth wing of the ruling Norwegian Labour Party (Ap). Breivik, dressed in a homemade police uniform and showing false identification, arrived at the island claiming to be performing a routine check following the bombing. His presence raised the suspicions of the camp's organizer and subsequently a security guard, prompting Breivik to kill them both. He then opened fire at the participants, killing 69 and injuring 33. Among the dead were friends of Stoltenberg, and the stepbrother of Norway's Queen Mette-Marit. The Utøya attack is the deadliest mass shooting by a lone individual in modern history.
The attack was the deadliest in Norway since World War II. A survey found that one in four Norwegians knew someone affected. The European Union, NATO and several countries expressed their support for Norway and condemned the attacks. The 2012 Gjørv Report concluded that Norway's police could have prevented the bombing and caught Breivik faster at Utøya, and that measures to prevent further attacks and "mitigate adverse effects" should have been implemented.
The Norwegian Police arrested Breivik on Utøya island and charged him with both attacks. His trial took place between 16 April and 22 June 2012 in Oslo District Court, where Breivik admitted carrying out the attacks, but denied criminal guilt and claimed the defence of necessity (jus necessitatis). On 24 August, Breivik was convicted as charged and sentenced to 21 years of preventive detention in prison with the possibility of indefinite five-year extensions for public safety, the maximum sentence allowed in Norway.

Title: 2025 Norwegian parliamentary election
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2025_Norwegian_parliamentary_election
Excerpt: Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 8 September 2025 to elect all 169 members of the Storting, the Norwegian parliament, for the 2025–2029 parliamentary term. Advance voting took place from 11 August to 5 September.
The election resulted in incumbent Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre's Labour Party winning the most seats. The opposition Conservative Party, led by former Prime Minister Erna Solberg, fell to third place for the first time since 2009. The right-wing populist Progress Party gained seats in the Storting and ended up with 47 seats, the highest seat count in the party's history; this made it the largest opposition party for the term. It also marked the highest voter turn-out since 1989.
The red-green bloc won a majority with 88 seats, allowing Støre to continue as Prime Minister in his minority government. The victory came after years of poor opinion polling, after which the Labour Party made a political comeback. Issues in the election included taxes, immigration, foreign relations, healthcare, and rising inequality.