Title: Tromsø
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Troms%C3%B8
Excerpt: Tromsø is a city in Tromsø Municipality in Troms county, Norway. The city is the administrative centre of the municipality and the county. The city is located on the island of Tromsøya which sits in the Tromsøysundet strait, just off the mainland of Northern Norway. The mainland suburb of Tromsdalen is connected to the city centre on Tromsøya by the Tromsø Bridge and the Tromsøysund Tunnel. The suburb of Kvaløysletta on the island of Kvaløya is connected to the city centre by the Sandnessund Bridge.
The city centre contains the highest number of old wooden houses in Northern Norway, the oldest dating from 1789. Tromsø is a cultural hub for the region, with several festivals taking place in the summer.
The 13.8-square-kilometre (3,400-acre) town has a population (2024) of 42,782 and a population density of 3,100 inhabitants per square kilometre (8,000/sq mi).
In 2026, Tromsø holds the title of European Youth Capital, becoming the northernmost city to ever receive this designation. The year-long programme focuses on empowering young people in the Arctic region and fostering youth participation in local governance.

Title: Liberal Party (Norway)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liberal_Party_(Norway)
Excerpt: The Liberal Party (Norwegian: Venstre, lit. 'Left', V; Northern Sami: Gurutbellodat) is a social liberal political party in Norway. It was founded in 1884 and is the oldest political party in Norway. The Liberal Party is positioned on the centre to centre-right of the political spectrum. It is a liberal party which has over time enacted reforms such as parliamentarism, freedom of religion, universal suffrage, and state schooling.
For most of the late 19th and early 20th century, it was Norway's largest and most dominant political party. Later, in the postwar era it lost most of its support and became a smaller party. The party has nevertheless participated in several centrist and centre-right government coalitions in the postwar era and it is aligned with the country's centre-right bloc alongside the Conservative Party, Christian Democratic Party and the Progress Party. Guri Melby has served as the party leader since 2020.
The party was founded in 1884. With support mainly from farmers and progressive members of the bourgeoisie, it was the first political party that came into existence in Norway, and was the dominant governmental party for several decades. It has always had a close relationship with the Norwegian Association for Women's Rights, which was founded in the same year by prominent Liberal Party politicians. The party has played a central role in advocating for women's suffrage in Norway. Since the 1880s the party has seen many internal schisms. A politically moderate and religious wing broke away in 1888 to form the Moderate Liberal Party and the conservative-liberal faction, including the former Prime Minister of Norway Christian Michelsen who broke away in 1909 to form the Free-minded Liberal Party (both parties eventually merged into the Conservative Party). The most notable recent schism was in 1972 when the Liberal Party decided to oppose Norwegian membership in the European Economic Community (EEC). The faction supporting membership broke away and formed the Liberal People's Party. The party has since endorsed Norwegian membership in the EU and is currently a strong proponent.

Title: Free-minded Liberal Party
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free-minded_Liberal_Party
Excerpt: The Free-minded Liberal Party (Norwegian: Frisinnede Venstre) was a political party in Norway founded in 1909 by the conservative-liberal faction of the Liberal Party. The party cooperated closely with the Conservative Party and participated in several short-lived governments, including two headed by Free-minded Prime Ministers. In the 1930s the party changed its name to the Free-minded People's Party (Norwegian: Frisinnede Folkeparti) and initiated cooperation with nationalist groups. The party contested its last election in 1936, and was not reorganised in 1945.

Title: Republicanism in Norway
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republicanism_in_Norway
Excerpt: Republicanism in Norway is a movement to replace the constitutional monarchy with a republican form of government. The country has always been ruled by a monarch and has never been a republic. Presently, the country has the King as the head of state and the prime minister as the head of government.
Since 1905 and the dissolution of the union with Sweden several republican movements and thoughts have arisen. Currently, the Norwegian Republican Association is the only non-partisan organisation campaigning to abolish the monarchy and make Norway a republic.

Title: 2025 Norwegian parliamentary election
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2025_Norwegian_parliamentary_election
Excerpt: Parliamentary elections were held in Norway on 8 September 2025 to elect all 169 members of the Storting, the Norwegian parliament, for the 2025–2029 parliamentary term. Advance voting took place from 11 August to 5 September.
The election resulted in incumbent Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre's Labour Party winning the most seats. The opposition Conservative Party, led by former Prime Minister Erna Solberg, fell to third place for the first time since 2009. The right-wing populist Progress Party gained seats in the Storting and ended up with 47 seats, the highest seat count in the party's history; this made it the largest opposition party for the term. It also marked the highest voter turn-out since 1989.
The red-green bloc won a majority with 88 seats, allowing Støre to continue as Prime Minister in his minority government. The victory came after years of poor opinion polling, after which the Labour Party made a political comeback. Issues in the election included taxes, immigration, foreign relations, healthcare, and rising inequality.