Title: Rockhurst University
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rockhurst_University
Excerpt: Rockhurst University is a private Jesuit university in Kansas City, Missouri. Founded in 1910 as Rockhurst College, Rockhurst University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission. It enrolled 2,980 students in 2019.

Title: Catholic Church in Australia
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catholic_Church_in_Australia
Excerpt: The Catholic Church in Australia is part of the worldwide Catholic Church under the spiritual and administrative leadership of the Holy See. The Catholic Church is the largest Christian denomination in Australia, growing from its origins as a suppressed and largely Irish demographic during the colonial period to an ethnically and geographically diverse membership of around 5,075,907 people, representing about 20% of the overall population of Australia according to the 2021 ABS Census data.
The church is the largest non-government provider of welfare and education services in Australia. Catholic Social Services Australia aids some 450,000 people annually, while the St Vincent de Paul Society's 40,000 members form the largest volunteer welfare network in the country. In 2016, the church had some 760,000 students in more than 1,700 schools.
The Latin Church in Australia has five provinces: Adelaide, Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney. It has 35 dioceses, comprising geographic areas as well as the military diocese, as well as dioceses administered by the Chaldean, Maronite, Melkite, Syro-Malabar, and Ukrainian Catholic Churches. The national assembly of bishops is the Australian Catholic Bishops Conference (ACBC). There are a further 175 Catholic religious orders operating in Australia, affiliated under Catholic Religious Australia. One Australian has been recognised as a saint by the Catholic Church: St Mary MacKillop, who was born in Melbourne and co-founded the Sisters of St Joseph of the Sacred Heart ("Josephite") religious institute in the 19th century.

Title: St. Louis University High School
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Louis_University_High_School
Excerpt: St. Louis University High School (SLUH) is an all-male Jesuit high school in St. Louis, Missouri. Founded in 1818, it is the oldest secondary educational institution in the United States west of the Mississippi River, and one of the largest private high schools in Missouri. It is located in the Archdiocese of St. Louis.

Title: St. John's College, Belize
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._John%27s_College,_Belize
Excerpt: St. John's College (abbreviated as SJC, and locally known as St. John's or John's) is a private Catholic selective secondary school for boys and private co-educational university college, located in Belize City, Belize. Founded in 1887 by the Society of Jesus as St. John Berchmans' College, a high school for boys only, it has since grown and now offers a wide variety of liberal arts and science courses at the secondary, British A-level, and United States junior college levels.
For management purposes, St. John's is organised into three divisions:

St. John's College High School, Belize (oldest, established 1887)
St. John's College Junior College (established 1964)
St. John's College University (established 2023)
Key centres and institutes within the university college are the School of Music, School of Nursing, the Belizean Studies Research Centre, and the MAGIS Center,

Title: Catholic Church in Scotland
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Catholic_Church_in_Scotland
Excerpt: The Catholic Church in Scotland, overseen by the Scottish Bishops' Conference, is part of the worldwide Catholic Church headed by the Pope. Christianity first arrived in Roman Britain and was strengthened by the conversion of the Picts through both the Hiberno-Scottish mission and Iona Abbey. After being firmly established in Scotland for nearly a millennium, the Catholic Church was outlawed by the Scottish Reformation Parliament in 1560. Multiple uprisings in the interim failed to reestablish Catholicism or to legalise its existence. Even today, the Papal Jurisdiction Act 1560, while no longer enforced, still remains on the books. 
Throughout the nearly three centuries of religious persecution and disenfranchisement between 1560 and 1829, many students for the priesthood went abroad to study while others remained in Scotland. In what is now termed underground education, many attended illegal seminaries. An early seminary upon Eilean Bàn in Loch Morar was moved during the Jacobite rising of 1715 and reopened as Scalan seminary in Glenlivet. After multiple arson attacks by government troops, Scalan was rebuilt in the 1760s by Bishop John Geddes, who later became Vicar Apostolic of the Lowland District, a close friend of national poet Robert Burns, and a well-known figure in the Edinburgh intelligentsia during the Scottish Enlightenment.
The successful campaign that resulted in Catholic emancipation in 1829 helped Catholics regain both freedom of religion and civil rights. In 1878, the Catholic hierarchy was formally restored. As the Church was slowly rebuilding its presence in the Gàidhealtachd, the bishop and priests of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Argyll and the Isles, inspired by the Irish Land War, became the ringleaders of a direct action resistance campaign by their parishioners to the Highland Clearances, rackrenting, religious discrimination, and other acts widely seen as abuses of power by Anglo-Scottish landlords and their estate factors. 
Many Scottish Roman Catholics in the heavily populated Lowlands are the descendants of Irish immigrants and of Scottish Gaelic-speaking migrants from the Highlands and Islands who both moved into Scotland's cities and industrial towns during the nineteenth century, especially during the Highland Clearances, the Highland Potato Famine, and the similar famine in Ireland. However, there are also significant numbers of Scottish Catholics of Italian, Lithuanian, Ukrainian, and Polish descent, with more recent immigration to Scotland from European Union member states again boosting the numbers. Owing to immigration (overwhelmingly White European), it is estimated that in 2009, there were about 850,000 Catholics in the country of 5.1 million.
The Gàidhealtachd has been both Catholic and Protestant in modern times. A number of Scottish Gaelic-speaking areas, including Barra, Benbecula, South Uist, Eriskay, and Moidart, are predominantly Catholic.
In the 2011 UK Census, 16% of the population of Scotland described themselves as being Roman Catholic, compared with 32% affiliated with the Church of Scotland. Between 1994 and 2002, Catholic church attendance in Scotland declined 19% to just over 200,000. By 2008, the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Scotland estimated that 184,283 attended Mass regularly. Mass attendance has not recovered to the numbers prior to the COVID-19 pandemic, though there was a dramatic rise between 2022 and 2023.