Title: Rio Bravo (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rio_Bravo_(film)
Excerpt: Rio Bravo is a 1959 American Western film directed and produced by Howard Hawks and starring John Wayne, Dean Martin, Angie Dickinson, Ricky Nelson, Walter Brennan, and Ward Bond. Written by Jules Furthman and Leigh Brackett, based on the short story "Rio Bravo" by B.H. McCampbell, the film stars Wayne as a Texan sheriff who arrests the brother of a powerful local rancher for murder and then has to hold the man in jail until a U.S. marshal can arrive. With the help of a lame old man, a drunk, and a young gunfighter, they hold off the rancher's gang. Rio Bravo was filmed on location at Old Tucson Studios outside Tucson, Arizona, in Eastmancolor, with film processing provided by  Technicolor.
In 2014, Rio Bravo was deemed "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant" by the Library of Congress and selected for preservation in the National Film Registry.

Title: Ride 'Em Cowboy (1942 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ride_%27Em_Cowboy_(1942_film)
Excerpt: Ride 'Em Cowboy is a 1942 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello, Dick Foran, Anne Gwynne, Johnny Mack Brown, Ella Fitzgerald (in her first film appearance), Samuel S. Hinds, Douglas Dumbrille, and Morris Ankrum, and directed by Arthur Lubin. The film focuses on Abbott and Costello as they play the role of two peanut vendors on the run from their boss. Despite their lack of knowledge in the trade, they get jobs as cowboys on a dude ranch. The film is set in the West.

Title: Dude Cowboy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dude_Cowboy
Excerpt: Dude Cowboy is a 1941 American western film. David Howard directed the film (his final one) and Morton Grant wrote the screenplay. The film stars Tim Holt as Terry McVey, Eddie Kane as Gordon West, Marjorie Reynolds as Barbara Adams (alias Bernice Allen), Byron Foulger as Frank Adams, Louise Currie as Gail Sargent, Eddie Dew as French, Helen Holmes as Aunt Althea Carter, Lloyd Ingraham as Pop Stebbins, Eddie Kane as Gordon West, and Tom London as the Silver City Sheriff.
Filming began 25 April 1941.

Title: Dudes (film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dudes_(film)
Excerpt: Dudes is a 1987 American independent film directed by Penelope Spheeris, written by Randall Jahnson, and starring Jon Cryer, Catherine Mary Stewart, Daniel Roebuck, and Lee Ving. A Western revenge story in a contemporary setting, its plot concerns three punk rockers from New York City who attempt to make their way to California. When one of them is murdered by a vicious gang leader, the other two, played by Cryer and Roebuck, find themselves fish out of water as they pursue the murderer from Arizona to Montana, assisted by a tow truck driver played by Stewart.
Continuing Spheeris' theme of highlighting the punk subculture as in her prior films The Decline of Western Civilization (1981) and Suburbia (1984), Dudes features several rock musicians in various roles, including Fear singer Lee Ving as the gang leader, Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist Flea as the murdered punk, and John Densmore of the Doors, Axxel G. Reese of the Gears, and punk artist and promoter "Mad" Marc Rude in minor roles, as well as punk rock band the Vandals performing in the opening scene. Spheeris had previously worked with Ving in The Decline of Western Civilization, and with Flea and the Vandals in Suburbia.
Dudes was shown in only a few theaters and did not receive a wide release through a film distributor. Several parties involved in making the film, including Spheeris, later attributed this to its mixing of multiple genres and tones. Written as a dramatic, action-filled "punk Western" set in the modern era, the finished film also contained elements of comedy, road movies, and a heavy metal soundtrack, the combination of which made it difficult to market. It received a home video release on VHS, through which niche interest in the film persisted in subsequent decades. In 2017 it was given a new release in the DVD and Blu-ray formats.

Title: The Dude Cowboy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Dude_Cowboy
Excerpt: The Dude Cowboy is a 1926 American silent Western film directed by Jack Nelson and written by Paul M. Bryan. The film stars Bob Custer, Flora Bramley, Billy Bletcher, Howard Truesdale, Bruce Gordon and Amber Norman. The film was released on October 31, 1926, by Film Booking Offices of America.