Title: AC/DC
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AC/DC
Excerpt: AC/DC are an Australian rock band formed in Sydney in 1973. Their music has been variously described as hard rock, blues rock and heavy metal, although the band calls it simply "rock and roll". They are cited as a formative influence on the new wave of British heavy metal bands, such as Def Leppard and Saxon, and were among "the second generation of rising stars ready to step into the breach as the old guard waned", according to critics.
AC/DC were founded by brothers Angus (lead guitar) and Malcolm Young (rhythm guitar), with Colin Burgess (drums), Larry Van Kriedt (bass guitar) and Dave Evans (lead vocals). They underwent several line-up changes before releasing their Australasian-only debut album, High Voltage (1975). Membership stabilised after the release of Let There Be Rock (1977), with the Young brothers, Phil Rudd on drums, Cliff Williams on bass guitar and Bon Scott on lead vocals. Seven months after the release of Highway to Hell (1979), Scott died of alcohol poisoning and English singer Brian Johnson was then recruited as their new frontman. With Johnson in the line-up, the band recorded one of the best-selling albums of all time, Back in Black (1980). Rudd was fired midway through the Flick of the Switch recording sessions in 1983. He was replaced by Simon Wright, who was also replaced by Chris Slade six years later.
AC/DC experienced a commercial resurgence in the early 1990s with the release of the album The Razors Edge (1990); it was their only record to feature Slade, as Rudd returned in 1994. Rudd has since recorded five more albums with the band, starting with Ballbreaker (1995). In 2014, Malcolm retired due to early-onset dementia, from which he died three years later; additionally, Rudd was charged with threatening to kill and possession of methamphetamine and cannabis. Angus and Malcolm's nephew, Stevie Young, replaced Malcolm and debuted on the album Rock or Bust. On the accompanying tour, Slade filled in for Rudd. In 2016, Guns N' Roses singer Axl Rose replaced Johnson for the rest of the tour dates due to a risk of hearing loss. Williams retired at the end of the tour, and the band entered a two-year hiatus. A reunion of the Rock or Bust line-up was announced in September 2020; the band's seventeenth studio album, Power Up, was released two months later. Its supporting tour was announced in February 2024, with drummer Matt Laug and bass guitarist Chris Chaney replacing Rudd and Williams, though both remain official members.
AC/DC have been estimated to have sold over 200 million records worldwide, making them one of the best-selling artists of all time. They have also sold 84 million records in the US, according to the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The band's accolades include two Grammy Awards, two Guinness World Records, one iHeartRadio Music Award, three ARIA Music Awards, eight APRA Awards – including the Ted Albert Award for Outstanding Services to Australian Music, and an induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. In 2016, according to Forbes' Celebrity 100, the band have earned $67.5 million.

Title: Bon Scott
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bon_Scott
Excerpt: Ronald Belford "Bon" Scott (9 July 1946 – 19 February 1980) was an Australian singer who was the second lead vocalist and lyricist of the hard rock band AC/DC from 1974 until his death in 1980. In the July 2004 issue of Classic Rock, Scott was ranked number one in a list of the "100 Greatest Frontmen of All Time". Hit Parader ranked Scott as fifth on their 2006 list of the 100 Greatest Heavy Metal Vocalists of all time.
Born in Forfar in Angus, Scotland, Scott spent his early years in Kirriemuir. He moved to Australia with his family in 1952 at the age of six, living in Melbourne for four years before settling in the Perth neighbourhood of Fremantle, Western Australia, then Adelaide, South Australia in his later years. Scott formed his first band, the Spektors, in 1964 and became the band's drummer and occasional lead vocalist. He performed in several other bands, including the Valentines and Fraternity, before replacing original AC/DC lead singer Dave Evans in 1974.
With AC/DC, Scott performed on the band's first seven albums: High Voltage (1975, Oceania only release), T.N.T. (1975, Oceania only release), High Voltage (1976, first international release), Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap (1976, not released until 1981 in the United States), Let There Be Rock (1977), Powerage (1978) and Highway to Hell (1979). AC/DC's popularity grew throughout the 1970s, initially in Australia, and then internationally. Their 1979 album Highway to Hell reached the top 20 in the United States, and was their commercial breakthrough. However, on 19 February 1980, Scott died after a night out in London with former musician and alleged drug dealer Alistair Kinnear. AC/DC briefly considered disbanding, but the group recruited vocalist Brian Johnson of the British glam rock band Geordie. AC/DC's subsequent album, Back in Black, was released only five months later, and was a tribute to Scott. It is currently the second-best-selling album of all time.

Title: Fly on the Wall (AC/DC album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fly_on_the_Wall_(AC/DC_album)
Excerpt: Fly on the Wall is the tenth studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, released on 1 July 1985 by Albert Productions, and Atlantic Records. The album was re-released in 2003 as part of the AC/DC Remasters series.

Title: List of AC/DC members
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_AC/DC_members
Excerpt: AC/DC are  an Australian rock band from Sydney. Formed in November 1973, the group originally consisted of vocalist Dave Evans, lead guitarist Angus Young, rhythm guitarist Malcolm Young (his older brother), bassist Larry Van Kriedt and drummer Colin Burgess. The band's current touring lineup features Angus Young, vocalist Brian Johnson (from 1980 to 2016, and since 2018), rhythm guitarist Stevie Young (nephew of Angus and Malcolm Young, a member since 2014), as well as touring musicians Matt Laug (drums) and Chris Chaney (bass guitar).

Title: Live at Donington (AC/DC album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Live_at_Donington_(AC/DC_album)
Excerpt: Live at Donington is the DVD recording of the Australian rock band AC/DC‘s show at Donington Park on 17 August 1991, directed by David Mallet; it was the band's third Monsters of Rock festival. The two-hour show was performed before 72,500 spectators and included real cannons, the Hells Bell, an inflatable Rosie and two inflatable Anguses: one to the right of the stage, and one in the back of the stage during Hell Ain't a Bad Place to Be. It was filmed in 35 mm Panavision and had 26 cameras that included one situated inside a helicopter. The DVD includes special features such as stereo and 5.1 surround sound, Iso-cam versions of certain songs for different band members, and audio commentary from Angus and Malcolm Young.
Another option allows the viewer to focus on just one member for the length of a song. This option is available for Angus Young on "Thunderstruck", "Back in Black", and "Highway to Hell". The option is offered for Malcolm Young on "T.N.T.", Brian Johnson on "Whole Lotta Rosie" and Cliff Williams on "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap". For unknown reasons, this option was not available for Chris Slade. One other feature is a full catalogue discography with audio interview of all international albums.
Despite the commercial success of the DVD, many hardcore fans were disappointed that the audio was ‘fixed’ with various overdubs, resulting in many differences from the original audio, although the DVD officially released in Brazil used the original audio. The tracks from Live at Donington on AC/DC Live use the original audio.
The audio was used for the Harmonix game AC/DC Live: Rock Band Track Pack.