Title: Richard III of England
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Richard_III_of_England
Excerpt: Richard III (2 October 1452 – 22 August 1485) was King of England from 26 June 1483 until his death in 1485. He was the last king of the Plantagenet dynasty and its cadet branch, the House of York; the former had ruled England since 1154. His defeat and death at the Battle of Bosworth Field marked the end of the Middle Ages in England.
Richard was created Duke of Gloucester in 1461 after the accession to the throne of his older brother Edward IV. This was during the period known as the Wars of the Roses, an era when two branches of the royal family contested the throne; Edward and Richard were Yorkists, and their side of the family were in conflict with their Lancastrian cousins. In 1472, Richard married Anne Neville, daughter of Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick, and widow of Edward of Lancaster, son of Henry VI, a Lancastrian. He governed northern England during Edward's reign, and played a role in the invasion of Scotland in 1482. When Edward IV died in April 1483, Richard was named Lord Protector of the realm for Edward's eldest son and successor, the 12-year-old Edward V. Before arrangements were complete for Edward V's coronation, scheduled for 22 June 1483, the marriage of his parents was declared bigamous and therefore invalid. Now officially illegitimate, Edward and his siblings were barred from inheriting the throne. On 25 June, an assembly of lords and commoners endorsed a declaration to this effect, and proclaimed Richard as the rightful king. He was crowned on 6 July 1483. Edward and his younger brother Richard of Shrewsbury, Duke of York, called the "Princes in the Tower", disappeared from the Tower of London around August 1483.
There were two major rebellions against Richard during his reign. In October 1483, an unsuccessful revolt was led by staunch allies of Edward IV and Richard's former ally, Henry Stafford, 2nd Duke of Buckingham. Then, in August 1485, Henry Tudor and his uncle, Jasper Tudor, landed in Wales with a contingent of French troops, and marched through Pembrokeshire, recruiting soldiers. Henry's forces defeated Richard's army near the Leicestershire town of Market Bosworth. Richard was slain, making him the last English king to die in battle. Henry Tudor then ascended the throne as Henry VII.
Richard's corpse was taken to the nearby town of Leicester and buried without ceremony. His original tomb monument is believed to have been removed during the English Reformation, and his remains were wrongly thought to have been thrown into the River Soar. In 2012, an archaeological excavation was commissioned by Ricardian author Philippa Langley with the assistance of the Richard III Society on the site previously occupied by Grey Friars Priory. The University of Leicester identified the human skeleton found at the site as that of Richard III as a result of radiocarbon dating, comparison with contemporary reports of his appearance, identification of trauma sustained at Bosworth and comparison of his mitochondrial DNA with that of two matrilineal descendants of his sister Anne. He was reburied in Leicester Cathedral in 2015.

Title: David James Elliott
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_James_Elliott
Excerpt: David William Smith (born September 21, 1960), known professionally as David James Elliott, is a Canadian actor. He was the star of the series JAG, playing lead character Harmon Rabb Jr. from 1995 to 2005.

Title: Kratos (God of War)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kratos_(God_of_War)
Excerpt: Kratos (Ancient Greek: Κράτος, lit. 'strength') is a character and the protagonist of Santa Monica Studio's video game series God of War, which is based on Greek mythology and Norse mythology. He first appeared in the 2005 video game God of War, which led to the development of nine more titles featuring the character as the protagonist with a 10th in development. Kratos also appears as the protagonist of two God of War comic book series (2010 and 2018–2021) and in three novels that retell the events of three of the games.
The character was originally voiced by Terrence C. Carson during the Greek era from 2005 to 2013, and by Christopher Judge for the Norse era that began in 2018. Carson returned in 2026 for the side-game Sons of Sparta, a prequel that takes place during the Greek era, and he will also be re-recording his lines for the remake of the original Greek trilogy that is currently in development. Antony Del Rio voiced a young Kratos in Ghost of Sparta (2010) and reprised the role in Sons of Sparta. Dave Bautista is set to play the live-action version of the character in the upcoming television adaptation of the Norse era.
Throughout the Greek era of the series, Kratos is portrayed as a Spartan warrior who becomes known as the "Ghost of Sparta" after Ares, his former mentor, tricks him into murdering his family. Kratos later avenges their deaths, kills Ares, and becomes the new God of War. Kratos is eventually revealed to be one of the sons of Zeus, who later betrays him in an effort to prevent a prophecy of Kratos killing him. Kratos embarks on several adventures in attempts to avert disaster or to change his fate, and is generally portrayed as a tragic figure. Vengeance is a central theme of the Greek era; installments focus on Kratos's origins, and his relationships with his family and the Olympian gods. In the Norse era, Kratos finds himself controlling his rage and learning how to be a father and mentor to his son, Atreus, whom he helps to come to terms with his divinity. During their journey, Kratos and Atreus combat monsters and gods of the Norse realm, which leads to the catastrophic battle of Ragnarök. Redemption is a main theme of the Norse era and Kratos comes to terms with his godhood, eventually becoming the Norse God of War and championing the ideals of hope.
The God of War franchise is a flagship title for the PlayStation brand and Kratos is one of its most popular characters. The character has been well received by critics, becoming a video game icon, and has had several cameos in games outside the God of War series. Judge's performance as Kratos in the two Norse-based games was highly praised, and received numerous awards and nominations.

Title: God of War (franchise)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/God_of_War_(franchise)
Excerpt: God of War is an action-adventure game franchise created by David Jaffe and developed by Sony's Santa Monica Studio. It began in 2005 on the PlayStation 2 (PS2) video game console and has become a flagship series for PlayStation, consisting of 10 installments across multiple platforms, with two further games in development. Santa Monica Studio has developed the six main entries with two additional games in the works, while Ready at Dawn, Javaground/Sony Online Entertainment-Los Angeles (SOE-LA), and Mega Cat Studios developed the four side games. Sony Interactive Entertainment (SIE) has published all games except the mobile phone installment, which was published by Sony Pictures Digital.
Based on ancient mythologies, the series' main plot follows Kratos, a Spartan warrior who becomes the God of War and comes into conflict with various mythological pantheons. The earlier games in the series are based on Greek mythology, referred to as the Greek era, and see Kratos follow a path of vengeance against the Olympian gods. The later games are based on Norse mythology, referred to as the Norse era, and see Kratos on a path of redemption while also introducing his son Atreus as a secondary protagonist, as they come into conflict or interact with various Norse deities and figures. Laufey, Kratos's second wife and Atreus's mother, will be introduced as a main protagonist in the next installment that is in development, which will introduce other mythologies to the series, such as Egyptian and Mongolian mythologies.
The first seven games plus the 2026 title make up the Greek era of the franchise. God of War (2005), God of War II (2007), and God of War III (2010) comprise its main trilogy; the first two were released on the PS2 with the third on the PlayStation 3 (PS3). A prequel and the fourth mainline title, Ascension (2013), was also released for the PS3. Other games include Chains of Olympus (2008) and Ghost of Sparta (2010) for the PlayStation Portable (PSP), and the two-dimensional (2D) side-scroller, Betrayal (2007), for mobile phones that supported the Java Platform, Micro Edition (Java ME). The series returned to the Greek setting with Sons of Sparta (2026), a 2D Metroidvania game that takes place during Kratos's youth and was released for PlayStation 5 (PS5).
The Norse era currently only comprises two games: God of War (2018) and Ragnarök (2022), the latter of which received an epilogue in the form of an expansion pack titled Valhalla (2023). A third Norse era game, Laufey, is in development for a 2027 release. Both the 2018 installment and Ragnarök were released for PlayStation 4 (PS4), with Ragnarök simultaneously released on PS5; both received Windows ports in January 2022 and September 2024, respectively. The 2018 installment was also accompanied by a short prequel story, A Call from the Wilds (2018), a text-based game that was available through Facebook Messenger for a limited time. Laufey is in development for the PS5 as the seventh mainline title, which will be a spin-off featuring Laufey, also known as Faye, as the main character, with the game's narrative occurring simultaneously with that of both the 2018 installment and Ragnarök, following her journey in the afterlife where she comes into conflict with the gods of war of other mythologies. Another untitled game was also confirmed to release after Laufey with Kratos back as the main character and connecting directly to Laufey.
Games in the series have been praised as some of the best action games of all time. The series has received numerous awards, including several Game of the Year recognitions for the 2005 and 2018 installments. Some games have also been remastered for newer PlayStation platforms, and a remake of the original trilogy is in development. As of November 2023, the franchise has sold an estimated 66+ million games worldwide, and is PlayStation's most profitable first-party brand. Strong sales and support of the series led to the franchise's expansion into other media, such as three comic book series and three novels. A film adaptation of the original installment had been in development but was ultimately canceled; however, a television series adaptation of the Norse era is in development for Amazon Prime Video. Merchandise includes artwork, clothing, toys, and prop replicas, as well as the games' soundtracks, including a heavy metal album, Blood & Metal (2010), featuring original music by various bands, who were inspired by the Greek era of the series.

Title: List of guests at the coronation of Charles III and Camilla
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_guests_at_the_coronation_of_Charles_III_and_Camilla
Excerpt: The coronation of Charles III and Camilla as king and queen of the United Kingdom and the other Commonwealth realms took place on 6 May 2023. Approximately 2,200 people were invited to attend the event, including members of the royal family, representatives of the Church of England and other Christian denominations, prominent politicians from the United Kingdom and the Commonwealth of Nations, foreign royalty, heads of state and heads of government, and British and foreign celebrities.
Guests from 203 countries were invited to attend the service. Representatives from at least 158 countries, including 154 UN member states, two UN observer states and Kosovo attended. These representatives included 16 monarchs, 70 heads of state, and 20 prime ministers, which was one of the largest gathering of statesmen and world leaders in history. Many of these guests also attended the coronation reception on 5 May and the coronation concert on 7 May.