Title: Wet Wet Wet
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_Wet_Wet
Excerpt: Wet Wet Wet are a Scottish soft rock band formed in 1982 in Clydebank by Marti Pellow (lead vocals), Graeme Clark (bass), Graeme Duffin (guitar) and Tommy Cunningham (drums). The bands debut album, Popped In Souled Out (1987) spawned four successful singles, including "Wishing I Was Lucky" and "Angel Eyes (Home and Away)", with the album peaking atop the albums charts in the United Kingdom, selling 1.5 million copies and earning a 5x Platinum certification from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). 
The lead single from their fourth album, Picture This (1995), "Love Is All Around", topped the singles charts in the United Kingdom, Australia, Denmark, Iceland, Sweden and their native Scotland. Spending a total of fifteen consecutive weeks at number one on the UK Singles Charts, it became one of the longest chart reigns of all time in the United Kingdom, where it sold over 1.9 million copies. The band dissolved in 1997 following the release of their fifth album, 10. The band reformed in 2004 with the original members, and released their fifth album, Timeless in 2007. 
The band is currently composed of founding member Graeme Clark (bass, vocals) and lead vocalist Kevin Simm, who replaced founding member Marti Pellow in 2018 after he left during the previous year. Graeme Duffin (lead guitar, vocals) has also been with the band as a touring musician since 1983. The band were named Best British Newcomer at the 1988 Brit Awards.

Title: Toad the Wet Sprocket
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Toad_the_Wet_Sprocket
Excerpt: Toad the Wet Sprocket is an American alternative rock band formed in Santa Barbara, California, in 1986. The band at the time consisted of vocalist/guitarist Glen Phillips, guitarist Todd Nichols, bassist Dean Dinning, and drummer Randy Guss, who stopped touring in 2017 and left the band in 2020. They had chart success in the 1990s with singles that included "Walk on the Ocean", "All I Want", "Something's Always Wrong", "Fall Down", and "Good Intentions". 
The band broke up in 1998 to pursue other projects; however, they began touring the United States again in 2006 for short-run tours each summer in small venues. In December 2010, the band announced their official reunion as a full-time working band; they also started writing songs for their first studio album of new material since their 1997 Columbia Records release, Coil. Their most recent full-length album, Starting Now, was released on August 27, 2021, and the compilation All You Want was re-released in 2023. An acoustic album of previous hits, Rings: The Acoustic Sessions, was released in 2026.

Title: Marti Pellow
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marti_Pellow
Excerpt: Marti Pellow (born Mark McLachlan; 23 March 1965) is a Scottish singer, best known as the lead singer of the pop group Wet Wet Wet for 28 years: from their formation in 1982 until their split in 1997, and again from their reformation in 2004 to his departure in 2017. The bands debut album, Popped In Souled Out (1987) spawned four successful singles, including "Wishing I Was Lucky" and "Angel Eyes (Home and Away)", with the album peaking atop the albums charts in the United Kingdom, selling 1.5 million copies and earning a 5x Platinum certification from the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). 
The lead single from their fourth album, Picture This (1995), "Love Is All Around" topped the singles charts in the United Kingdom, Australia, Denmark, Iceland, Sweden and their native Scotland. Spending a total of fifteen consecutive weeks at number one on the UK Singles Charts, it became one of the longest chart reigns of all time in the United Kingdom, where it sold over 1.9 million copies. The band dissolved in 1997 following the release of their fifth album, 10, which resulted in Pellow launching a career as a solo artist with his debut solo album Smile being released in June 2001. 
Pellow re–joined the band alongside the other members in 2004, releasing their first album of new material in ten years, Timeless in 2007, before Pellow left the band once more in 2017 to focus on his solo career. In addition to music, Pellow has performed as an actor in musical theatre productions in both the West End and on Broadway.

Title: Wet Willie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_Willie
Excerpt: Wet Willie is an American southern rock band from Mobile, Alabama. Their best-known song, "Keep On Smilin'", reached No. 10 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 chart in August 1974. Several other of the group's songs also appeared on the singles charts in the 1970s, which utilized their soulful brand of Southern rock.

Title: Wet Hot American Summer (franchise)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wet_Hot_American_Summer_(franchise)
Excerpt: Wet Hot American Summer is an American satirical comedy media franchise created by David Wain and Michael Showalter with stories centered on  Camp Firewood, a summer camp located near Waterville, Maine. Since the release of the 2001 film, the franchise has expanded to include a documentary film, two television series, two books, a tabletop role-playing game and a soundtrack.
The originating film was Wet Hot American Summer (2001), which was for 14 years the only produced media in the franchise. There were speculations and reports on a possible sequel for years, including a 2003 pilot, written for Fox, which was eventually not picked up. In 2015, Netflix, released the first of two web miniseries, Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp, followed by Wet Hot American Summer: Ten Years Later two years later. Hurricane of Fun: The Making of Wet Hot, a documentary film, with footage taken during the 2001 film's production, was also released in 2015 and in 2016, the original film's soundtrack was released for the first time. In 2017, a tabletop role-playing game was released after a successful Kickstarter campaign. A book version of the screenplay of the original film and a graphic novel were released in 2018. The film was released on both VHS and DVD formats in 2002 and re-released on Blu-ray in 2015 which included additional features.
Wain, Showalter and other members of the cast have kept public interest in the franchise with events including a 10th anniversary event and a live radio play at SF Sketchfest which both featured appearances of original cast members. The SF Sketchfest event produced a complete play of the film with replacements for missing original cast members by other accomplished actors and comedians. Both event recordings were released in 2015 as part of the film's Blu-ray edition.