Title: Jay-Z
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jay-Z
Excerpt: Shawn Corey Carter (born December 4, 1969), known professionally as Jay-Z, is an American rapper, businessman, and record executive. In 2023, Billboard and Vibe ranked him as the greatest rapper of all time. Rooted in East Coast hip-hop, Jay-Z is known for his complex lyricism that often uses double entendres, wordplay, and braggadocio—built on a rags to riches narrative. According to Forbes, he is the wealthiest music artist in history, worth an estimated US$2.8 billion as of 2026.
A protégé of fellow New York City-based rapper Jaz-O, Jay-Z began recording music in the late 1980s. He co-founded Roc-A-Fella Records in 1994 to release his first two studio albums, Reasonable Doubt (1996) and In My Lifetime, Vol. 1 (1997), both of which were critically acclaimed. His 11 subsequent albums, including The Blueprint (2001), The Black Album (2003), American Gangster (2007), and 4:44 (2017), have each debuted atop the Billboard 200. Jay-Z has a total of 14 number-one albums on the chart, the third-most in history. He topped the Billboard Hot 100 on four occasions: once as a lead artist with his 2009 single "Empire State of Mind" (with Alicia Keys), and three times with his guest performances on the singles "Heartbreaker" (1999) by Mariah Carey, "Crazy in Love" (2003) by Beyoncé, and "Umbrella" (2007) by Rihanna.
Jay-Z served as president and chief executive officer of Def Jam Recordings from 2004 to 2007, during which time he helped launch the careers of acts including Kanye West, Rihanna, and Ne-Yo. He co-founded Rocawear, a clothing retailer, in 1999, and founded the 40/40 Club, a luxury bar chain, in 2003. As both grew into multi-million-dollar businesses, he launched Roc Nation, a multi-disciplinary entertainment agency, in 2008. In 2015, he acquired the technology company Aspiro and led the expansion of its media streaming service Tidal. Through his business ventures, Jay-Z became the first hip-hop billionaire in 2019. After Block, Inc. (then Square, Inc.) acquired a majority stake in Tidal in March 2021, Jay-Z joined its board of directors.
One of the best-selling music artists with 125 million records sold, Jay-Z has won 25 Grammy Awards, the eighth-most of all time and the second-most of any hip-hop artist. He is the recipient of the NAACP's President's Award and three Emmy Awards (including two Primetime Emmy Awards), in addition to being nominated for a Tony Award. Jay-Z was the first rapper to be inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame and the eighth hip-hop act to be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Time named him one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2013.

Title: Erotica (album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erotica_(album)
Excerpt: Erotica is the fifth studio album by American singer and songwriter Madonna. It was released on October 19, 1992, by Maverick and Sire Records. The album was released simultaneously with Madonna's first book publication Sex, a coffee table book containing explicit photographs of the singer, and marked her first release under Maverick, her own multimedia entertainment company. For the album, the singer enlisted Shep Pettibone, with whom she had collaborated on 1990's "Vogue" and The Immaculate Collection, and André Betts.
In mid-1991, Pettibone sent Madonna a three-track demo; she listened to the songs and liked all of them. Afterward, the two met in New York City to start working on more music. The singer would write the melodies and lyrics on top of the music Pettibone produced in the style of his previous remixes. Erotica has been noted as a concept album about her alter–ego called Mistress Diva . With her , Madonna explores themes such as sadomasochism and sexuality freedom in her coffee book . In the album , the themes explored  are mostly about sex and romance in times of HIV/AIDS, with songs that address "heavy" themes such as S&M and homophobia. Additionally, it marked a departure from the dance-oriented sound of Madonna's previous works, incorporating elements of hip-hop, house, and techno.
Upon release, it received praise from critics, who regarded it as one of Madonna's most adventurous albums. Some, however, felt the music was overshadowed by its sexual themes. Commercially, it charted number one in Australia, Brazil, Finland, and France, and peaked within the top five in Canada, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Spain, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Erotica has sold more than six million copies worldwide.
Six singles were released from the album, including the title track and "Deeper and Deeper", both of which reached the top ten of the Billboard Hot 100. The album was supported by the Girlie Show, Madonna's fourth concert tour, which visited cities in Europe, the Americas, Australia, and Asia in 1993. Initially overlooked, partly because of the backlash surrounding the Sex book, Erotica has been retrospectively considered one of Madonna's most important albums, as well as one of the most revolutionary of all time by the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Many critics have since noted the influence of Erotica in later works by other female artists.

Title: Trap music
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trap_music
Excerpt: Trap music, also known simply as trap, is a subgenre of hip-hop music that originated in the Southern United States. Lyrical references to trap began appearing in 1991, while the modern sound of trap emerged in 1999. The genre takes its name from the Atlanta term "trap house", a drug house. Trap music features simple, rhythmic, and minimalistic production that uses synthesized drums. It is characterized by drum beats with complex hi-hats, snare drums, and bass drums, some of which are tuned with a long decay to emit a bass frequency, originally from the Roland TR-808 drum machine.
Pioneers of the genre include producers DJ Spanish Fly, DJ Paul & Juicy J, Kurtis Mantronik, Mannie Fresh, Shawty Redd, Fatboi, Zaytoven, DJ Screw, and DJ Toomp, along with rappers T.I., 2 Chainz, Jeezy, and Gucci Mane. The style was popularized by producer Lex Luger, who produced the influential Waka Flocka Flame album Flockaveli in 2010 and co-founded the prolific hip-hop production team 808 Mafia.
Trap became mainstream in the 2010s and has since become one of the most popular forms of American music. Drake, Kendrick Lamar, Future, Playboi Carti, 21 Savage, Migos, Lil Uzi Vert, Post Malone, XXXTentacion, Roddy Ricch, Young Thug, DaBaby, and Travis Scott have all reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100 with songs made in the trap genre. Trap has influenced pop and contemporary R&B artists, including Ariana Grande, Beyoncé, Miley Cyrus, Rihanna, the Weeknd, and Sabrina Carpenter. It has also influenced reggaetón and K-pop. In 2018, hip-hop became the most popular form of music for the first time ever, according to Nielsen Data, coinciding with the rise in popularity of trap. In 2019, trap-influenced hits such as Ariana Grande's "7 Rings" spent eight weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, while the country trap song "Old Town Road" by Lil Nas X (featuring Billy Ray Cyrus) broke the record for the most weeks spent at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and became the fastest song to receive a Diamond certification.
Since the late 2010s and early 2020s, the rage subgenre of trap has emerged, spearheaded by Playboi Carti, Lil Uzi Vert, Trippie Redd, and Yeat.

Title: List of The Weekly with Charlie Pickering episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_The_Weekly_with_Charlie_Pickering_episodes
Excerpt: The Weekly with Charlie Pickering is an Australian news satire series on the ABC. The series premiered on 22 April 2015, and Charlie Pickering as host with Tom Gleeson, Adam Briggs, Kitty Flanagan (2015–2018) in the cast, and Judith Lucy joined the series in 2019. The first season consisted of 20 episodes and concluded on 22 September 2015. The series was renewed for a second season on 18 September 2015, which premiered on 3 February 2016. The series was renewed for a third season with Adam Briggs joining the team and began airing from 1 February 2017. The fourth season premiered on 2 May 2018 at the later timeslot of 9:05pm to make room for the season return of Gruen at 8:30pm, and was signed on for 20 episodes. 
Flanagan announced her departure from The Weekly With Charlie Pickering during the final episode of season four, but returned for The Yearly with Charlie Pickering special in December 2018. 
In 2019, the series was renewed for a fifth season with Judith Lucy announced as a new addition to the cast as a "wellness expert".
The show was pre-recorded in front of an audience in ABC's Ripponlea studio on the same day of its airing from 2015 to 2017. In 2018, the fourth season episodes were pre-recorded in front of an audience at the ABC Southbank Centre studios. In 2020, the show was filmed without a live audience due to COVID-19 pandemic restrictions and comedian Luke McGregor joined the show as a regular contributor. Judith Lucy did not return in 2021 and Zoë Coombs Marr joined as a new cast member in season 7 with the running joke that she was fired from the show in episode one yet she kept returning to work for the show.

Title: List of songs recorded by Kanye West
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_songs_recorded_by_Kanye_West
Excerpt: This is a list of songs recorded by Kanye West, an American rapper, record producer, and songwriter. The list includes over 600 released songs on which West appears as a main artist or featured artist, as well as a selection of notable unreleased recordings. Songs are organized alphabetically and cover West's discography from his early work in the 2000s through his releases in the 2020s, including collaborations released under group names such as Kids See Ghosts and ¥$.