Title: Rickson Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rickson_Gracie
Excerpt: Rickson Gracie (Brazilian Portuguese: [ˈʁiksõ ˈɡɾejsi]; born November 21, 1959) is a Brazilian retired mixed martial artist. He is a member of the Gracie family: the third oldest son of Hélio Gracie, brother to Rorion and Relson Gracie, and half-brother to Rolker, Royce, Robin and Royler Gracie. In the 1980s and 1990s, he was widely considered to be the best fighter of the Gracie clan, and one of the toughest in the world. In July 2017, he was promoted to ninth-degree red belt, the second-highest ranking in Brazilian jiu-jitsu.
Rickson Gracie is considered an important pioneer for both Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and mixed martial arts (MMA). He had several vale tudo bouts in Brazil in the 1980s, and in the 1990s Gracie became a high-profile competitor in Japan, having won Vale Tudo Japan 1994 and 1995 tournaments, he also headlined Pride 1 and Pride 4 against popular professional wrestler Nobuhiko Takada, all which are credited to have helped to popularize the sport in Japan. He retired with an undefeated record of 11 wins and no losses, all by submission.

Title: Hélio Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/H%C3%A9lio_Gracie
Excerpt: Hélio Gracie (October 1, 1913 – January 29, 2009) was a Brazilian martial artist who together with his brothers Oswaldo, Gastao Jr, George and Carlos Gracie founded and developed the self-defense martial art system of Gracie jiu-jitsu, also known as Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ).
Considered as the Godfather of BJJ, according to his son Rorion, Gracie is one of the first sports heroes in Brazilian history; he was named Man of the Year in 1997 by the American martial arts publication Black Belt magazine. A patriarch of the Gracie family, multiple members of his family have gone on to have successful careers in combat sport competition, including mixed martial arts (MMA). In 2001, he was inducted into the Martial Arts History Museum Hall of Fame.

Title: Megaton Dias
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Megaton_Dias
Excerpt: Wellington Leal Dias Santos (born October 2, 1967), known as Megaton Dias, is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu (BJJ) practitioner and instructor. He holds a 7th-degree coral belt under the Gracie Humaitá lineage, led by Royler Gracie. Dias began his training in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and studied under Royler Gracie, Rickson Gracie, and Helio Gracie. He earned his BJJ black belt at the age of 18 and later achieved the coral belt rank.
Dias earned his nickname "Megaton" due to his judo-inspired techniques, particularly his ability to throw opponents high into the air. SubFighter named this the top-ranked nickname in mixed martial arts (MMA) in 2007.

Title: Kron Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kron_Gracie
Excerpt: Kron Stavik Gracie (born July 11, 1988) is a Brazilian and American mixed martial artist, submission grappler, and instructor. He previously competed in the Featherweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship.
A member of the Gracie family of Brazilian jiu-jitsu, he is the son of 9th deg. BJJ red belt Rickson Gracie and a grandson of BJJ co-founder Hélio Gracie. Training jiu-jitsu from a very young age Gracie became a two-time IBJJF World champion and four-time Pan-American champion before receiving his black belt at the age of 19. By 2008 Gracie held a record of 51 consecutive matches won by submission at high level tournaments. After medalling at the Pan-American championship, Gracie became European champion in 2009, World championship silver medallist in 2011 and in 2013 ADCC Submission Fighting World Champion.

Title: Rolls Gracie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rolls_Gracie
Excerpt: Rolls Gracie (Brazilian Portuguese: [ʁowz ˈɡɾejsi]; March 28, 1951 – June 6, 1982) was a Brazilian martial artist. He was a prominent member of the Gracie family known for their founding of Brazilian jiu-jitsu and considered by some the family's best ever fighter. He was teacher of Rickson Gracie, Carlos Gracie Jr., Royler Gracie, Maurício "Maurição" Motta Gomes, Márcio "Macarrão" Stambowsky, Rigan Machado and Romero "Jacare" Cavalcanti. He died in a hang-gliding accident in 1982. He is the father of Rolles Gracie and Igor Gracie.