Title: Vitamin X
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitamin_X
Excerpt: Vitamin X (abbreviated VX) is a Dutch hardcore punk band from Amsterdam formed in 1997. Their sound is characterized by hardcore punk mixed with thrash metal, 1970s rock riffs and guitar solos. The members are straight edge but this does not reflect their lyrics or music. Their current line-up consists of four members: Marko (vocals), Alex (bass guitar), Danny (drums), and Marc (songwriter, guitar).
Known for their socio-political lyrical themes and energetic live performances, the band recorded several seminal full-length albums and singles on various international labels, including US label Havoc Records. The band has completed multiple tours of North America, South America, Europe, Japan, Australia, Indonesia, Philippines, Mexico, and Russia. In 2001 and 2004 they played CBGB's, New York to a sold-out crowd. At a 2006 MTV live studio performance in Brasil a riot broke out after the band smashed their instruments.
Their 2008 album Full Scale Assault was recorded in Chicago by Steve Albini, famous for recording Nirvana, Iggy Pop and The Stooges, Led Zeppelin's Page and Plant, Neurosis, etc. Featuring a guest appearance by Negative Approach singer John Brannon and artwork by John Baizley of Baroness. It received critical acclaim from publications such as Metal Maniacs, Maximumrocknroll, Profane Existence, Suburban Voice, Exclaim!, and many more, several of them naming it as one of the best hardcore punk albums of 2008/2009.
In 2012 they released the album About to Crack, also recorded by Steve Albini and artwork by John Baizley.
Besides touring around the world the band plays for 10,000s of people on some of the biggest heavy music festivals. They headlined Fluff Fest several times, as well as Exit,  Obscene Extreme, Resist to Exist, and many more. In 2012 they play Europe's biggest 'extreme music festival' Hellfest featuring acts such as Ozzy Osbourne, Megadeth, Guns N' Roses but also punk acts like GBH, Discharge, Tragedy and Refused. In 2013 they were among the headliners of the Baltimore Soundstage at Maryland Deathfest, the biggest fest of its kind in North America, playing together with Infest, The Melvins, Carcass, Venom, Pentagram. After playing at 2014's Temples Fest in Bristol they again played Hellfest in 2015 with Motörhead, Billy Idol, ZZ Top, Judas Priest, and Alice Cooper.
In 2018 they sign for Southern Lord Records and release their sixth album Age of Paranoia featuring J Mascis of Dinosaur Jr and Bubba Dupree of Void and Soundgarden.

Title: Baroness (band)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baroness_(band)
Excerpt: Baroness is an American heavy metal band from Savannah, Georgia that has been active since 2003. Its early members grew up together in Lexington, Virginia. The band has undergone numerous lineup changes, with frontman John Baizley serving as the sole constant throughout. Baizley creates the artwork for all of the group's albums and has done artwork for other bands.

Title: Deliver Us (Darkest Hour album)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deliver_Us_(Darkest_Hour_album)
Excerpt: Deliver Us is the fifth studio album by American melodic death metal band Darkest Hour. It was produced by Devin Townsend, and released on July 10, 2007 through Victory Records. The album debuted at number 110 on the Billboard album charts, with sales of 6,600. "Sanctuary" is featured in the video game Tony Hawk's Proving Ground, while "Demon(s)" is featured in Guitar Hero 5 and "Doomsayer" was made available in Guitar Hero: Warriors of Rock through the Darkest Hour Track Pack, the last to be released by Activision. The artwork was created by John Baizley who has also done art for bands such as Pig Destroyer and his own band Baroness. 
It is also the last album to feature lead guitarist Kris Norris.

Title: John Dyer Baizley
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Dyer_Baizley
Excerpt: John Dyer Baizley (born October 10, 1977) is an American musician and painter most notable for being the lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist of heavy metal band Baroness, which formed in 2003 in Savannah, Georgia. He has been the sole constant member for the band throughout its run of more than two decades.
Baizley has achieved critical praise for his artworks, some of which have been incorporated into album art or T-shirts for artists such as Kvelertak, Kylesa, Pig Destroyer, Darkest Hour, Daughters, Skeletonwitch, Torche, Cursed, Black Tusk, Vitamin X, Flight of the Conchords, The Red Chord, Gillian Welch, Metallica, and his own band, Baroness.

Title: Baroness discography
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baroness_discography
Excerpt: The discography of American heavy metal band Baroness consists of six studio albums, one compilation album, four extended plays (EPs), thirteen singles, two splits, and fourteen music videos. Formed in Savannah, Georgia in 2003, the group was originally composed of vocalist and guitarist John Baizley, guitarist Tim Loose, bassist Summer Welch and drummer Allen Blickle. Signed to Hyperrealist Records, the band released their first two EPs, titled First and Second, in 2004 and 2005, respectively. The split album A Grey Sigh in a Flower Husk – featuring two tracks by Baroness and four by fellow Savannah-based band Unpersons – was released in June 2007. After Loose was replaced by guitarist Brian Blickle, the band released its debut full-length studio album, Red Album, through Relapse Records in September 2007.
A second lineup change followed in September 2008, when Blickle left the band after three years and was replaced by guitarist and vocalist Pete Adams. The first two Baroness EPs were reissued together as the compilation album First & Second in October 2008. The group's second album, Blue Record, was released in October 2009. Blue Record was the band's first release to chart, reaching number 117 on the US Billboard 200 and topping the Heatseekers Albums chart. Welch left Baroness in late 2011 and was replaced in 2012 by bassist Matt Maggioni, although the bass parts on the group's third album were performed by Baizley. Yellow & Green, released in July 2012, reached number 30 on the Billboard 200. Lead single "Take My Bones Away" registered at number 38 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart and 35 on the Active Rock chart, while March to the Sea reached 37 on the Active Rock chart.
In August 2012, while on tour to promote Yellow & Green, Baroness were involved in a bus crash which resulted in injuries that hospitalized Baizley, Blickle and Maggioni. The band canceled the remaining concerts and spent months recovering. Shortly after the group announced they would return to touring, it was revealed that Blickle and Maggioni were leaving Baroness. The departed members were replaced by drummer Sebastian Thomson and bassist Nick Jost. Baroness released its fourth album, Purple, in December 2015 through their own record label, Abraxan Hymns. The album reached number 70 on the Billboard 200, while the single "Shock Me" registered at number 28 on the Mainstream Rock chart and earned a Grammy nomination at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards.
In 2017, Pete Adams left Baroness and was replaced by guitarist and vocalist Gina Gleason. The band released its fifth album, Gold & Grey, to critical acclaim in June 2019. The album peaked at 39 on the Billboard 200. Baroness' self-produced sixth album, Stone, was released in September 2023. Stone debuted at 115 on the Billboard 200, while the single "Last Word" appeared at 12 on Billboard's LyricFind U.S. chart.