Title: Chang Apana
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chang_Apana
Excerpt: Chang Apana (December 26, 1871 – December 8, 1933; traditional Chinese: 鄭阿平; simplified Chinese: 郑阿平; pinyin: Zhèng Āpíng) was a Chinese-Hawaiian detective of the Honolulu Police Department. He was acknowledged by Earl Derr Biggers as the inspiration for his fictional Chinese-American detective character, Charlie Chan.

Title: Byron Mann
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byron_Mann
Excerpt: Byron Mann Fung (Chinese: 文峰; Jyutping: Man4 Fung1; nè Chan) is a Hong Kong-American actor. His best-known roles include Ryu in Street Fighter, Silver Lion in The Man with the Iron Fists, Wing Chau in The Big Short, Admiral Augusto Nguyen on The Expanse, Chang on Hell on Wheels, Yao Fei on Arrow, and Uncle Six in the Netflix series Wu Assassins.

Title: Kwai Chang Caine
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kwai_Chang_Caine
Excerpt: Kwai Chang Caine (Chinese: 虔官昌; pinyin: Qián Guānchāng) is a fictional character and the protagonist of the ABC 1972–1975 action-adventure western television series Kung Fu. He has been portrayed by David Carradine as an adult Caine, Keith Carradine as a younger Caine, Radames Pera as the child Caine, and Stephen Manley as the youngest Caine.
In late 19th-century China, Kwai Chang Caine was the orphaned son of an American man and a Chinese woman. He was raised in a Shaolin Monastery in Henan Province and was trained by the monks to be a Shaolin master. The audience follows his adventures as he travels to the American Old West (armed only with his skill in martial arts) as he seeks his half-brother, Danny Caine. Although it was his intention to find his brother Danny in a way that would escape notice, the demands of his training as a priest in addition to his sense of social responsibility, which was instilled within him during his childhood, forced Caine to repeatedly come into the open to fight for justice. He would then leave his new surroundings in a further search for anonymity and security.
In the Shaolin arts, monks live in temples and most stay their entire lives. Once they become masters and leave the temple, they are referred to as "priests". In real-world Shaolin, both monks and priests shave their heads and some remain celibate. However, Caine grew his hair long and occasionally had intimate relations with women in the series.

Title: Ray Chang (actor)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ray_Chang_(actor)
Excerpt: Ray Chang (born March 31, 1985), formerly known as Bryant Chang, is a Taiwanese actor. He is known for his role in Eternal Summer, for which he won the Best New Performer award at the 2006 Golden Horse Awards.

Title: Victor Wong (actor, born 1927)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Victor_Wong_(actor,_born_1927)
Excerpt: Victor Gee Keung Wong (July 30, 1927 – September 12, 2001) was an American actor, artist, and journalist.
He appeared in supporting roles in films throughout the 1980s and 1990s, including Chinese sorcerer Egg Shen in John Carpenter's cult film Big Trouble in Little China, royal adviser Chen Bao Shen in the Best Picture–winning The Last Emperor (1987), rural storekeeper Walter Chang in the comedy horror film Tremors (1990), and Grandpa Mori in the 3 Ninjas tetralogy (1992–1998). He also played several starring roles for independent filmmaker Wayne Wang, who described him as his "alter ego".
Earlier in his career, Wong worked for KQED as an on-air reporter and later a pioneering photojournalist. His association with Mark Rothko, whom he met during his studies at the San Francisco Art Institute, saw him interact with several luminaries of the Beat Generation, including Jack Kerouac, who fictionalized him as "Arthur Ma" in his novel Big Sur.