Title: Vicente Fox
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vicente_Fox
Excerpt: Vicente Fox Quesada (Latin American Spanish: [biˈsente ˈfoks keˈsaða]; born 2 July 1942) is a Mexican businessman and politician who served as the 62nd president of Mexico from 2000 to 2006. After campaigning as a right-wing populist, Fox was elected president on the National Action Party (PAN) ticket in the 2000 election. He became the first president not from the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) since 1929, and the first elected from an opposition party since Francisco I. Madero in 1911. Fox won the election with 43 percent of the vote. Considered a social-welfare promoter, along with Julio Frenk Mora, he formulated, signed and implemented the Seguro Popular which helped circa 55 million independent workers.
As president, Fox continued the neoliberal economic policies his predecessors from the PRI had adopted since the 1980s. The first half of his administration saw a further shift of the federal government to the right, strong relations with the United States and George W. Bush, unsuccessful attempts to introduce a value-added tax to medicines and build an airport in Texcoco, and a diplomatic conflict with Cuban leader Fidel Castro. The murder of human rights lawyer Digna Ochoa in 2001 called into question the Fox administration's commitment to breaking with the authoritarian past of the PRI era.
The second half of his administration was marked by his conflict with Andrés Manuel López Obrador, the mayor of Mexico City. The PAN and Fox administration unsuccessfully attempted to remove López Obrador from office and prevent him from participating in the 2006 presidential elections. The Fox administration also became embroiled with diplomatic conflicts with Venezuela and Bolivia after supporting the creation of the Free Trade Area of the Americas, which was opposed by those two countries. His last year in office oversaw the controversial 2006 elections, where PAN candidate Felipe Calderón was declared winner by a narrow margin over López Obrador, who claimed the elections had been fraudulent and refused to recognize the results, calling for protests across the country. In the same year, there was civil unrest in Oaxaca, where a teacher's strike culminated into protests and violent clashes asking for the resignation of governor Ulises Ruiz Ortiz, and in the State of Mexico during the San Salvador Atenco riots, where the state and federal governments were later found guilty by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights of human rights violations during the violent repression. On the other hand, Fox was credited with maintaining economic growth and reducing the poverty rate from 43.7% in 2000 to 35.6% in 2006.
After his presidency, Fox returned to his home state of Guanajuato. He has been involved in public speaking and the development of the Vicente Fox Center of Studies, Library and Museum. He is currently the co-president of the Centrist Democrat International, an international organization of centre-right political parties. Fox was expelled from the PAN in 2013, after having endorsed the PRI presidential candidate, Enrique Peña Nieto, in the 2012 elections. In the 2018 election, Fox endorsed the PRI candidate, José Antonio Meade.

Title: Felipe Calderón
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Felipe_Calder%C3%B3n
Excerpt: Felipe de Jesús Calderón Hinojosa   (Spanish: [feˈlipe kaldeˈɾon] ; born 18 August 1962) is a Mexican politician and lawyer who served as the 63rd president of Mexico from 2006 to 2012 and Secretary of Energy during the presidency of Vicente Fox between 2003 and 2004. He was a member of the National Action Party (Partido Acción Nacional, PAN) for 30 years before quitting the party in November 2018.
Calderón held positions as National President of the PAN, Federal Deputy, and Secretary of Energy in Vicente Fox's administration. He served in the previous administration's cabinet before resigning to run for president and receiving his party's candidacy. In the 2006 presidential election, he was the PAN candidate. After a contentious campaign and a controversial electoral procedure, the Federal Electoral Institute's official results gave Calderón the lead (0.6% of total votes). above PRD candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador. While López Obrador and the PRD disputed the results and called for a complete recount of the votes, Calderón's victory was confirmed months later by the Federal Electoral Tribunal.
His presidency was marked by his declaration of war against the country's drug cartels only ten days after taking office; this was considered by most observers as a strategy to gain popular legitimacy after the convoluted elections.  The first significant federal force deployment against drug gangs was made possible by Calderón's approval of Operation Michoacán. 60,000 people had been officially killed in the drug war by the time of his rule in office. The beginning of the drug war coincided with an increase in homicides during his presidency; these peaked in 2010 and then began to decline during his final two years in office.
Calderón's term was also marked by the Great Recession. As a result of a countercyclical package passed in 2009, the national debt increased from 22.2% to 35% of GDP by December 2012. The poverty rate increased from 43 to 46%. Other significant events during Calderón's presidency include the 2007 establishment of ProMéxico, a public trust fund that promotes Mexico's interests in international trade and investment, the 2008 passing of criminal justice reforms (fully implemented in 2016), the 2009 swine flu pandemic, the 2010 establishment of the Agencia Espacial Mexicana, the 2011 founding of the Pacific Alliance and the achievement of universal healthcare through Seguro Popular (passed under the Fox administration) in 2012. Under the Calderón administration sixteen new Protected Natural Areas were created. He began a one-year fellowship at John F. Kennedy School of Government in January 2013, and returned to Mexico following the end of his tenure.
In 2019, Joaquín "El Chapo" Guzmán's Sinaloa Cartel was allegedly linked to Genaro García Luna, the Secretary of Public Security under Calderón, leading to García Luna's arrest in the United States in December; in February 2023, García Luna was convicted on all charges pressed, including drug trafficking. After García Luna's conviction, General Tomás Ángeles Dauahare, Calderón's sub-secretary of National Defense, declared that Calderón knew about García Luna's ties with the cartel. That same month, a poll found that 84% of respondents wanted to see an investigation into Calderón.

Title: Francisco Ramírez Acuña
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Francisco_Ram%C3%ADrez_Acu%C3%B1a
Excerpt: Francisco Javier Ramírez Acuña (born 22 April 1952) is a Mexican politician who belongs to the National Action Party (PAN). He has been municipal president of Guadalajara, governor of Jalisco from 2001 to 2006 and, from 1 December 2006, to January 2008 he served as secretary of the interior in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón. Since 2024 he sits in the Senate for the state of Jalisco.

Title: Jesús Federico Reyes Heroles
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jes%C3%BAs_Federico_Reyes_Heroles
Excerpt: Jesús Federico Reyes Heroles González Garza (7 February 1952 – 21 January 2024) was a Mexican economist and politician. He was a member of the  Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) and co-founder and executive president of Grupo de Economistas y Asociados (GEA), a consulting firm that has become the first independent organization dedicated to political and economic analysis. He held a B.A. in Economics from the Instituto Tecnológico Autónomo de México (ITAM) and a Ph.D. in Economics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT).

Title: Heriberto Félix Guerra
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heriberto_F%C3%A9lix_Guerra
Excerpt: Jesús Heriberto Félix Guerra (born 12 March 1962) is a Mexican economist and entrepreneur invited to the policy since 2004, a supporter of the National Action Party. He graduated in economics from the Instituto Tecnológico y de Estudios Superiores de Monterrey. He served as Secretary of Social Development of Mexico by appointment of then President Felipe Calderon Hinojosa from December 9, 2009, to November 30, 2012.