Title: Angel Heart
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Angel_Heart
Excerpt: Angel Heart is a 1987 neo-noir psychological horror film, an adaptation of William Hjortsberg's 1978 novel Falling Angel. The film is written and directed by Alan Parker, and stars Mickey Rourke, Robert De Niro, Lisa Bonet and Charlotte Rampling. It is an international co-production between the United Kingdom, the United States and Canada. Harry Angel (Rourke), a New York City private investigator, is hired to solve the mysterious disappearance of a singer known as Johnny Favorite. His investigation takes him to New Orleans, where he becomes embroiled in a series of brutal murders.
Following publication of the novel, Hjortsberg began developing the screenplay for a film adaptation, but found that no major studio was willing to produce his script. The project resurfaced in 1985 when producer Elliott Kastner brought the book to Parker's attention. Parker began work on a new script and made several changes to Hjortsberg's novel. He also met with Mario Kassar and Andrew G. Vajna, who agreed to finance the $18 million production through their independent film studio Carolco Pictures. Filming took place on-location in New York City and New Orleans, with principal photography lasting from March to June 1986.
Weeks before its theatrical release, Angel Heart faced ratings issues from the Motion Picture Association of America for one scene of sexual content. Parker was forced to remove ten seconds of footage to avoid an X rating and secure the R rating that the film's distributor Tri-Star Pictures wanted. An unrated version featuring the removed footage was later released on home video.
Angel Heart received a mixed reaction from reviewers, who praised the performances of Rourke and Bonet, as well as the production design, score and cinematography, but criticized Parker's screenwriting. The film underperformed at the North American box office, grossing $17.2 million during its theatrical run, but has since been regarded as underappreciated and influential.

Title: Charles Bennett (screenwriter)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Bennett_(screenwriter)
Excerpt: Charles Alfred Selwyn Bennett (2 August 1899 – 15 June 1995) was an English playwright, screenwriter, actor and director probably best known for his work with Alfred Hitchcock. He was nominated for the first Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for Foreign Correspondent.

Title: Of Human Bondage (1934 film)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Of_Human_Bondage_(1934_film)
Excerpt: Of Human Bondage is a 1934 American drama film directed by John Cromwell and regarded by critics as the film that made Bette Davis a star. The screenplay by Lester Cohen is based on the 1915 novel Of Human Bondage by W. Somerset Maugham.

Title: Pluribus (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pluribus_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Pluribus is an American post-apocalyptic science fiction television series created by Vince Gilligan for Apple TV. Set and filmed primarily in Albuquerque, New Mexico, the series follows novelist Carol Sturka (Rhea Seehorn), who finds herself isolated after an alien virus transforms the rest of humanity into a peaceful and content hive mind, which nevertheless seeks to assimilate her and other immune individuals.
The series premiered on Apple TV on November 7, 2025. A second season has been ordered. The title of the series refers to e pluribus unum, a Latin motto of the United States which means 'out of many, one'. Pluribus has received acclaim from critics, with praise for Gilligan's writing and direction and Seehorn's performance, as well as the show's originality, tone, and stylistic influences, though its pacing received some criticism.
Pluribus has received numerous accolades. At the 78th Primetime Emmy Awards, it earned 18 nominations, including Outstanding Drama Series, as well as acting nominations for Seehorn, Karolina Wydra, Carlos-Manuel Vesga, Jeff Hiller, and Miriam Shor. It has also been nominated for two Golden Globe Awards and two Critics' Choice Awards, with Seehorn winning Best Actress in a Drama Series at both ceremonies. Additionally, the series was honored with a Peabody Award and was named one of the 10 best television programs of 2025 by the American Film Institute.

Title: 2024 in film
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2024_in_film
Excerpt: 2024 in film is an overview of events, including the highest-grossing films, award ceremonies, critics' lists of the best films of 2024, festivals, a list of country-specific lists of films released, and movie programming. Columbia Pictures and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM) celebrated their 100th anniversaries; Toei Company celebrated its 75th anniversary; DreamWorks Pictures and DreamWorks Animation celebrated their 30th anniversaries; and the first Mickey Mouse films, including Steamboat Willie (1928), entered the public domain this year. Three of the films, Inside Out 2, Deadpool & Wolverine, and Moana 2 made $1 billion in 2024.
Alongside new releases, multiple popular films like The Lion King (1994), Les Misérables (2012), Alien (1979), Star Wars: Episode I – The Phantom Menace (1999), The Mummy (1999 film), Whiplash (2014), The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974), Shrek 2 (2004), Twister (1996), Saw (2004), Coraline (2009), The Nightmare Before Christmas (1993), Hocus Pocus (1993), Interstellar (2014), and Tenet (2020) were re-released to either celebrate their anniversaries and/or fill in the gaps left by films that had their original release dates affected by the 2023 Hollywood labor disputes. These disputes, including the Writers Guild of America strike and SAG-AFTRA strike, had a significant impact on the 2024 release schedule, with many films being postponed due to productions being halted mid-filming or before commencement.