Title: Marvel Studios
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Studios
Excerpt: Marvel Studios, LLC, formerly known as Marvel Films, is an American film and television production company. Marvel Studios is the creator of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), a media franchise and shared universe of films and television series produced by the studio, based on characters that appear in Marvel Comics publications. Producer Avi Arad initially founded Marvel Films in December 1993 as part of the Marvel Entertainment Group, before forming Marvel Studios in August 1996 to have greater oversight of the development of Marvel adaptations. The studio originally licensed the film rights for several Marvel characters before beginning to produce its own films in 2004 under the direction of David Maisel, and has since regained many of those rights. Arad left the studio in 2006, and since 2007, it has been led by producer Kevin Feige, who has served as its president since 2008 and has produced each of its MCU films. The Walt Disney Company acquired Marvel Studios's parent company, Marvel Entertainment, in 2009. Marvel Studios was transferred in 2015 to the Walt Disney Studios. Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures has distributed most of the studio's films since The Avengers (2012). Marvel Studios began developing its own live-action and animated television series in 2018, most of which are connected to its films.
Since 2008, Marvel Studios has released 38 films within the MCU, from Iron Man (2008) to Spider-Man: Brand New Day (2026) and 17 television series since 2021, from WandaVision (2021) to Wonder Man (2026). The studio also operates the smaller Marvel Studios Animation division, which developed the television series What If...? (2021–2024) as the first animated property produced solely by the studio. These films and television series all share continuity with each other, along with five short films called Marvel One-Shots produced by the studio that were released from 2011 to 2014 and three television specials called Special Presentations released from 2022 to 2026. From 2013 until 2020, the Marvel Entertainment division Marvel Television, led by television producer Jeph Loeb, released 12 television series that also acknowledged the MCU continuity. These were produced before that company was folded into Marvel Studios in December 2019, when it became a production label. Since 2024, Marvel Studios has used "Marvel Television" and "Marvel Animation" banners to release its television and animated projects, respectively. Several studio executives oversee the production and development of select films and series as lead producers, including Brad Winderbaum, who has been the head of television and animation, as well as Marvel Comics's publishing and global brands and franchises, since May 2026. Victoria Alonso, who joined the studio in 2006, previously oversaw its physical and post-production process, visual effects, and animation until 2023.
The MCU films produced by Marvel Studios have grossed over $30 billion at the global box office, making it responsible for one of the highest-grossing media franchises and the highest-grossing film franchise of all time. Twelve of the studio's films have grossed more than $1 billion and are among the highest-grossing films of all time: The Avengers, Iron Man 3 (2013), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), Captain America: Civil War (2016), Black Panther (2018), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Captain Marvel (2019), Avengers: Endgame (2019), Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019), Spider-Man: No Way Home (2021), Deadpool & Wolverine (2024), and Spider-Man: Brand New Day; Avengers: Endgame was the highest-grossing film of all time from July 2019 until March 2021. In addition to the MCU, Marvel Studios has also been involved with the production of other Marvel-based film franchises that have grossed over $1 billion at the box office, including the X-Men and Spider-Man multi-film franchises, as well as eight direct-to-video short films with the Marvel Animation production company called Marvel Animated Features that were released from 2006 until 2011 as a proof of concept for the MCU. Marvel Studios has consistently featured different animations of its production logo at the opening of most of its productions and operated an in-house visual development department before transitioning to using contractors following layoffs throughout Disney.

Title: List of Marvel Cinematic Universe films
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Marvel_Cinematic_Universe_films
Excerpt: The Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) centers on American superhero films produced by Marvel Studios, based on characters from Marvel Comics publications. The MCU is the shared universe in which all of the films are set. Marvel Studios has released 38 films since 2008 and has at least eight more in various stages of development.
Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige has produced every MCU film, with some films having additional producers and production companies. The Spider-Man films are owned, financed, and distributed by Sony Pictures and co-produced by Sony's Columbia Pictures and Pascal Pictures. The MCU films are written and directed by various individuals and feature large, often ensemble, casts. They are released in groups called "Phases", with three phases making up a "Saga". The MCU is the highest-grossing film franchise of all time, grossing over $34.8 billion at the global box office. This includes Avengers: Endgame, which became the highest-grossing film ever at the time of its release in 2019.
The films from Phases One, Two, and Three are collectively known as "The Infinity Saga". The first MCU film, Iron Man (2008), was distributed by Paramount Pictures. Paramount also distributed Iron Man 2 (2010), Thor (2011), and Captain America: The First Avenger (2011), while Universal Pictures distributed The Incredible Hulk (2008). Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures began distributing the series with the crossover film The Avengers (2012), which concluded Phase One. Phase Two comprises Iron Man 3 (2013), Thor: The Dark World (2013), Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014), Guardians of the Galaxy (2014), Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015), and Ant-Man (2015). Captain America: Civil War (2016) started Phase Three, followed by Doctor Strange (2016), Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017), Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017), Thor: Ragnarok (2017), Black Panther (2018), Avengers: Infinity War (2018), Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018), Captain Marvel (2019), Avengers: Endgame, and Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019).
The films from Phases Four, Five, and Six are collectively known as "The Multiverse Saga". These phases also include television series and television specials streaming on Disney+. The Phase Four films are Black Widow (2021), Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings (2021), Eternals (2021), Spider-Man: No Way Home (2021), Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness (2022), Thor: Love and Thunder (2022), and Black Panther: Wakanda Forever (2022). Phase Five features Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania (2023), Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 (2023), The Marvels (2023), Deadpool & Wolverine (2024), Captain America: Brave New World (2025), and Thunderbolts* (2025). Phase Six began with The Fantastic Four: First Steps (2025), and also includes Spider-Man: Brand New Day (2026), Avengers: Doomsday (2026), and Avengers: Secret Wars (2027).
The next MCU saga will start with an X-Men film in 2028, followed by Ghost Rider and Black Panther III later that year.

Title: Ms. Marvel (miniseries)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ms._Marvel_(miniseries)
Excerpt: Ms. Marvel is an American television miniseries created by Bisha K. Ali for the streaming service Disney+, based on Marvel Comics featuring the character Kamala Khan / Ms. Marvel. It is the seventh television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) produced by Marvel Studios, sharing continuity with the films of the franchise. It follows Kamala Khan, a 16-year-old fangirl of the Avengers who struggles to fit in until she gains her own powers. Ali served as head writer with Adil & Bilall leading the directing team.
Iman Vellani stars as Kamala Khan, with Matt Lintz, Yasmeen Fletcher, Zenobia Shroff, Mohan Kapur, Saagar Shaikh, Laurel Marsden, Azhar Usman, Rish Shah, Arian Moayed, Alysia Reiner, Laith Nakli, Nimra Bucha, Travina Springer, Adaku Ononogbo, Samina Ahmad, Fawad Khan, Mehwish Hayat, Farhan Akhtar, and Aramis Knight also starring. The series was announced with Ali's involvement in August 2019. Vellani was cast in September 2020, with Adil & Bilall, Meera Menon, and Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy hired as the series' directors. Filming began in early November 2020, shooting in Atlanta, Georgia, and New Jersey, before concluding in Thailand in May 2021.
Ms. Marvel premiered on June 8, 2022, and ran for six episodes until July 13. It is part of Phase Four of the MCU. The series received positive reviews, particularly for its creative visual style and Vellani's performance. Ms. Marvel sets up the events of the film The Marvels (2023), in which Vellani reprises her role as Kamala.

Title: Marvel's ABC television series
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel%27s_ABC_television_series
Excerpt: Marvel's ABC television series are a set of interconnected American television series created for the broadcast network ABC, based on characters that appear in publications by Marvel Comics. Produced by Marvel Television and ABC Studios, they are set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and acknowledge the continuity of the franchise's films and other television series. When categorizing their wider television slate, Marvel considers the ABC series to be their "Marvel Heroes" series.
The first television series in the MCU was Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., developed by The Avengers (2012) writer/director Joss Whedon for Marvel Television and ABC. Starring Clark Gregg as Phil Coulson, reprising his role from the films, the series debuted in September 2013 and ran for seven seasons until August 2020. Marvel Studios was involved in Agent Carter, with Hayley Atwell reprising her role of Peggy Carter from the films, which ran for two seasons from January 2015 to March 2016. Inhumans, a project intended as an MCU film that was redeveloped as a series with IMAX Corporation, was released in 2017. A version of the series' first two episodes were released in IMAX theaters before the series' ABC premiere. Inhumans starred Anson Mount and was canceled after a single season.
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. debuted to strong ratings for ABC, but these steadily dropped and all three series ultimately became modest ratings performers. Reviews for S.H.I.E.L.D. compared it unfavorably to the MCU films at first, but these improved and the response to Agent Carter was more positive. Inhumans was not well received. Marvel and ABC attempted to develop several more series together, including a spin-off from S.H.I.E.L.D. called Marvel's Most Wanted, a comedy based on the Damage Control comics, and a drama centered on the Eternals. Development on any future series was halted when Marvel Television was folded into Marvel Studios in December 2019, though ABC remained committed to featuring Marvel content and began discussions with Marvel Studios for a new series shortly after.

Title: Marvel Zombies (TV series)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marvel_Zombies_(TV_series)
Excerpt: Marvel Zombies is an American adult animated television series created by Bryan Andrews and Zeb Wells for the streaming service Disney+, based on the Marvel Comics series of the same name. It is the 16th television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) from Marvel Studios and is produced by Marvel Studios Animation. The series is a spin-off of the animated series What If...? (2021–2024), set in the alternate timeline introduced in the first season episode "What If... Zombies?!" (2021). Continuing from that episode, Marvel Zombies follows a group of survivors as they risk their lives fighting superpowered zombies to save the world. Andrews served as showrunner and director, with Wells as head writer.
The series features an ensemble cast including Iman Vellani, Dominique Thorne, Hailee Steinfeld, Kerry Condon, Kenna Ramsey, Todd Williams, Kari Wahlgren, Florence Pugh, David Harbour, Simu Liu, Awkwafina, Randall Park, Feodor Chin, Wyatt Russell, Rama Vallury, Elizabeth Olsen, Hudson Thames, Paul Rudd, Greg Furman, Adam Hugill, Daniel Swain, Sheila Atim, Tessa Thompson, F. Murray Abraham, and Zenobia Shroff. Marvel Studios was developing several animated series in addition to What If...? by June 2021, including a spin-off based on "What If... Zombies?!" which was announced in November. Wells and Andrews were both involved by then. The series features the same animation style as What If...?, with Stellar Creative Lab returning from that series to provide the animation. It is Marvel Studios Animation's first series to be rated TV-MA.
Marvel Zombies was released on Disney+ on September 24, 2025, and consists of four episodes. It is a part of Phase Six of the MCU. It received generally positive reviews from critics. A second season is in production.