Title: Umberto Eco
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umberto_Eco
Excerpt: Umberto Eco (5 January 1932 – 19 February 2016) was an Italian medievalist, philosopher, semiotician, novelist, cultural critic, and political and social commentator. In English, he is best known for his popular 1980 novel The Name of the Rose, a historical mystery combining semiotics in fiction with biblical analysis, medieval studies and literary theory, as well as Foucault's Pendulum, his 1988 novel which touches on the history of occultism and its contemporary interpretation through the new age movement.
Eco wrote prolifically throughout his life, with his output including children's books, translations from French and English, in addition to a twice-monthly newspaper column "La Bustina di Minerva" (Minerva's Matchbook) in the magazine L'Espresso beginning in 1985, with his last column (a critical appraisal of the Romantic paintings of Francesco Hayez) appearing 27 January 2016. At the time of his death, he was an Emeritus professor at the University of Bologna, where he taught for much of his life. In the 21st century, he has continued to gain recognition for his 1995 essay "Ur-Fascism", where Eco lists fourteen general properties he believes comprise fascist ideologies.

Title: Cortina d'Ampezzo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cortina_d%27Ampezzo
Excerpt: Cortina d'Ampezzo (Italian: [korˈtiːna damˈpɛttso]; local Ladin: Anpezo, elsewhere Ampëz; historical Austrian German: Hayden), often abbreviated to Cortina, is a town and comune (municipality) in the province of Belluno, in the Veneto region of Northern Italy. Situated on the Boite river, in an alpine valley in the heart of the southern Dolomitic Alps, it is an upscale summer and winter sport resort known for its skiing trails, scenery, accommodation, shops and its jet-set-dominated après-ski scene. It is part of the linguistic and cultural region of Ladinia. The town's Latin motto, granted in 1928 on its flag and coat of arms, reads: MODO VIVO AC TUTA QUIESCO (roughly, "I live frugally and rest quietly".)
During the Middle Ages, Cortina d'Ampezzo fell under the jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Aquileia and the Holy Roman Empire. In 1420 it was conquered by the Republic of Venice. From 1508, it then spent much of its history under Habsburg rule, briefly undergoing some territorial changes under Napoleon, before being returned to the Austrian Empire (later Austria-Hungary), which held it until 1918. From the 19th century, Cortina d'Ampezzo became a regional centre for crafts. The local handmade products were appreciated by early British and German holidaymakers as tourism emerged in the late 19th century. Among the specializations of the town were crafting wood for furniture, the production of tiled stoves, and iron, copper and glass items. 
Today, the local economy thrives on tourism, particularly during the winter season, when the population of the town typically increases from about 7,000 to 40,000. The Basilica Minore dei Santi Filippo e Giacomo was built between 1769 and 1775 on the site of two former 13th- and 16th-century churches; it is home to the parish and the deanery of Cortina d'Ampezzo. The town also contains the Rinaldo Zardini Palaeontology Museum, the Mario Rimoldi Modern Art Museum, and the Regole of Ampezzo Ethnographic Museum. 
Although Cortina d'Ampezzo was unable to go ahead with the scheduled 1944 Winter Olympics because of World War II, it hosted the Winter Olympics in 1956 and subsequently hosted a number of world winter-sports events. In 2026, Cortina d'Ampezzo hosted the  Winter Olympics for a second time, co-hosting with Milan. The town is home to SG Cortina, a top league professional ice hockey team, and is also the start and end point of the annual Dolomites Gold Cup Race. 
Several films have been shot in the town, most notably The Pink Panther (1963), For Your Eyes Only (1981), and Cliffhanger (1993).

Title: Gino Bartali
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gino_Bartali
Excerpt: Gino Bartali,  (Italian pronunciation: [ˈdʒiːno ˈbartali]; 18 July 1914 – 5 May 2000), nicknamed Gino the Pious and (in Italy) Ginettaccio, was a champion road cyclist. He was the most renowned Italian cyclist before the Second World War, having won the Giro d'Italia twice, in 1936 and 1937, and the Tour de France in 1938. After the war, he added one more victory in each event: the Giro d'Italia in 1946 and the Tour de France in 1948. His second and last Tour de France victory in 1948 gave him the largest gap between victories in the race.
In September 2013, 13 years after his death, Bartali was recognised as a "Righteous Among the Nations" by Yad Vashem for his efforts to aid Jews during World War II.

Title: Sandro Veronesi (writer)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sandro_Veronesi_(writer)
Excerpt: Sandro Veronesi (born 1959) is an Italian novelist, essayist, and journalist. After earning a degree in architecture at the University of Florence, he opted for a writing career in his mid to late twenties. Veronesi published his first book at the age of 25, a collection of poetry (Il resto del cielo, 1984) that has remained his only venture into verse writing. He has since published five novels, three books of essays, one theatrical piece, numerous introductions to novels and collections of essays, interviews, screenplays, and television programs.
Veronesi has twice been awarded Italy's most prestigious literary prize, the Premio Strega: in 2006 for his novel Caos calmo and in 2020 for his novel The Hummingbird (Il colibrì).

Title: The Bewitched Bourgeois
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bewitched_Bourgeois
Excerpt: The Bewitched Bourgeois: Fifty Stories is a 2025 short story collection by Italian writer Dino Buzzati, translated by Lawrence Venuti. An original selection of Buzzati's works, it runs through 50 works of short fiction written by Buzzati for a variety of publications in chronological order of publishing, although the vast majority were first in the Corriere della Sera, the newspaper where Buzzati spent most of his career. Buzzati won the Strega Prize for an Italian collection of his short stories, and The Bewitched Bourgeois received generally positive reviews from English-language critics as well. The stories range in length, with the longest almost being classified as a novella, while the shortest are only one page.