Title: Dwight D. Eisenhower
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dwight_D._Eisenhower
Excerpt: Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower (born David Dwight Eisenhower; October 14, 1890 – March 28, 1969) was the 34th president of the United States, serving from 1953 to 1961. In his previous military career, he commanded the Allied Expeditionary Force during World War II, including in Operation Torch in North Africa and Operation Overlord on D-Day in Normandy. For his 37 years of service in the U.S. Army, Eisenhower was honored with the five-star rank of General of the Army in 1944.
Eisenhower graduated from West Point in 1915. During World War I, he was denied a request to serve in Europe and instead commanded a unit that trained tank crews. Between the wars he served in staff positions in the US and the Philippines, reaching the rank of brigadier general shortly before the entry of the US into World War II in 1941. After further promotion Eisenhower oversaw the Allied invasions of North Africa and Sicily before supervising the invasions of France and Germany. After the war ended in Europe, he served as military governor of the American-occupied zone of Germany (1945), as Army Chief of Staff (1945–1948), president of Columbia University (1948–1953), and as the first supreme commander of NATO (1951–1952).
In 1952, Eisenhower entered the presidential race as a Republican, in part to block the presidential prospects of Senator Robert A. Taft, who opposed NATO and sought to undo the New Deal. Eisenhower won that year's election and the 1956 election in landslides, both times defeating Adlai Stevenson II. Eisenhower's main goals in office were to contain the spread of communism and reduce federal deficits.
In 1953, Eisenhower considered using nuclear weapons to end the Korean War and may have threatened China with nuclear attack if an armistice was not reached quickly. China did agree and an armistice resulted, which remains in effect. His New Look policy of nuclear deterrence prioritized "inexpensive" nuclear weapons while reducing funding for expensive Army divisions. He continued Harry S. Truman's policy of recognizing Taiwan as the legitimate government of China, and he won congressional approval of the Formosa Resolution. His administration provided aid to help the French try to fight Vietnamese Communists in the First Indochina War. After the French left, he gave strong financial support to the new state of South Vietnam.
Eisenhower supported regime-changing military coups in Iran and Guatemala orchestrated by his own administration. During the Suez Crisis of 1956, he condemned the Israeli, British, and French invasion of Egypt, and he forced them to withdraw. He also condemned the Soviet invasion during the Hungarian Revolution of 1956 but took no action. He deployed 15,000 soldiers during the 1958 Lebanon crisis. Near the end of his term, a summit meeting with the Soviet leader Nikita Khrushchev was cancelled when a US spy plane was shot down over the Soviet Union. Eisenhower approved the Bay of Pigs Invasion, which was left to John F. Kennedy to carry out.
Eisenhower continued New Deal agencies and expanded Social Security. He covertly opposed Joseph McCarthy and contributed to the end of McCarthyism by openly invoking executive privilege. He signed the Civil Rights Act of 1957 and sent Army troops to enforce federal court orders which integrated schools in Little Rock, Arkansas. His administration undertook the development and construction of the Interstate Highway System, which remains the largest construction of roadways in American history.
In 1957, following the Soviet launch of Sputnik, Eisenhower led the American response which included the creation of NASA and the establishment of a stronger, science-based education via the National Defense Education Act. The Soviet Union began to reinforce their own space program, escalating the Space Race. His two terms saw unprecedented economic prosperity except for a minor recession in 1958. In his farewell address, he expressed his concerns about the dangers of massive military spending, particularly deficit spending and government contracts to private military manufacturers, which he dubbed "the military–industrial complex". Historical evaluations of his presidency place him among the upper tier of US presidents.

Title: List of The Dukes of Hazzard episodes
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_The_Dukes_of_Hazzard_episodes
Excerpt: This is a list of episodes for the 1979–1985 CBS action-adventure/comedy series The Dukes of Hazzard. The show ran for seven seasons and a total of 147 episodes. Many of the episodes followed a similar structure: "out-of-town crooks pull a robbery, Duke boys blamed, spend the rest of the hour clearing their names, the General Lee flies and the squad cars crash". Also, almost every episode would begin with the Duke boys driving along in the General Lee, whether running an errand or just out on a leisurely drive, and inadvertently stumbling upon one of the sheriff's speed traps.

Title: List of British Jewish writers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_British_Jewish_writers
Excerpt: List of British Jewish writers includes writers (novelists, poets, playwrights, journalists, authors of scholarly texts and others) from the United Kingdom and its predecessor states who are or were Jewish or of Jewish descent.

Title: Timeline of LGBTQ history in the United Kingdom
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_LGBTQ_history_in_the_United_Kingdom
Excerpt: This is a timeline of notable events in the history of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) community in the United Kingdom. There is evidence that LGBTQ activity in the area that is now the United Kingdom existed as far back as the days of Celtic Britain.

Title: Timeline of women's sports
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Timeline_of_women%27s_sports
Excerpt: This is a timeline of women's sports, spanning from ancient history up to the 21st century. It includes both competitive sports and notable physical feats.