Title: Benny Urquidez
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benny_Urquidez
Excerpt: Benny Urquidez (born June 20, 1952) is an American former professional kickboxer, martial arts choreographer and actor. Nicknamed "The Jet", Urquidez was a non-contact karate competitor who later pioneered full-contact fighting in the United States. He made the transition from point to full-contact karate in 1974, the year of its inception in the US, frequently fighting in bouts where the rules were ambiguous and contrasts in styles were dramatic. Urquidez is also known for once holding the rare achievement of six world titles in five different weight divisions, and remained largely undefeated in his 27-year career. His only loss came in a Muay Thai match which was shrouded in controversy, as Urquidez had only agreed to a no-decision exhibition, a clause that was ignored when the fight was over.
Between 1974 and 1993, he amassed a documented professional record of 49–1–1 (win-loss-draw) with 35 knockouts and two controversial no-contests, although he is also supposed to have an additional record of 10–0–1 (10 KOs) in undocumented professional fights, making a total of 59–1–2–2 (45 KOs). However, sources vary, with Ratings listing Urquidez as 63–0–1, (57 knockouts) and on his own official webpage, Urquidez lists his fight record as 200–0, and says he was 63–0, with 57 knockouts in title defenses. Also, he claims to have been undefeated in the "Adult Black Belt Division" prior to entering full-contact karate. Black Belt magazine voted Urquidez "Competitor of the Year" in 1978. In 2019, he was inducted into the International Sports Hall of Fame.
He has appeared in occasional acting roles, including the Jackie Chan movies Wheels on Meals (1984) and Dragons Forever (1988), and played a hitman in George Armitage's Grosse Pointe Blank (1997).

Title: Chamorro people
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chamorro_people
Excerpt: The Chamorro people (; also Chamoru) are the Indigenous people of the Mariana Islands, politically divided between the United States territory of Guam and the encompassing Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in Micronesia, a commonwealth of the US. Today, significant Chamorro populations also exist in several US states, including Hawaii, California, Washington, Texas, Tennessee, Oregon, and Nevada, all of which together are designated as Pacific Islander Americans according to the US census. According to the 2020 census, about 63,035 people with Chamorro ancestry live in Guam and another 17,163 live in the Northern Marianas. Among those, 50,420 identified as Chamorro alone (i.e. no other race) in Guam and 12,001 in Northern Marianas.

Title: List of people from Tulsa, Oklahoma
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_people_from_Tulsa,_Oklahoma
Excerpt: This is a list of well-known persons who were either born in, or lived in, Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Title: Marx (surname)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marx_(surname)
Excerpt: The surname Marx is a Germanic surname, believed to originate with Mark the Evangelist and the Roman praenomen Marcus, the latter deriving from the god Mars. The similarly-spelled Marks may share etymology with march (territory), especially near Wales, but most British Marxes have Jewish roots, typically in the Rhineland or former Pale of Settlement.  Famously, Karl Marx's father, born Herschel HaLevi Mordechai in Saarlouis, assimilated in 1817 or 1818 to Heinrich Marx because Prussia banned Jews from public service; as Karl Marx's grandfather was also known as Levy Marx and his great-great-grandfather as Mordechai Marx, the name was already current in the family. Amateur genealogist Colin Shelley suggests that the name Marx' prevalence there may have arisen as a macaronic acronym for māšīaḥ rex.

Title: Sánchez
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/S%C3%A1nchez
Excerpt: Sánchez is a Spanish family name.