Title: Nymphoides
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphoides
Excerpt: Nymphoides, or floatingheart, is a genus of aquatic flowering plants in the family Menyanthaceae. The genus name refers to their resemblance to the water lily Nymphaea. Nymphoides are aquatic plants with submerged roots and floating leaves that hold the small flowers above the water surface. Flowers are sympetalous, most often divided into five lobes (petals). The petals are either yellow or white and may be adorned with lateral wings or covered in small hairs. The inflorescence consists of either an umbellate cluster of flowers or a lax raceme, with internodes occurring between generally paired flowers.

 
Species of Nymphoides are sold as aquarium plants, including the "banana plant", N. aquatica and the "water snowflake", N. indica. Species native to the United States are N. cordata in the northeast and N. aquatica in the southeast. Nymphoides peltata is native to Europe and Asia but can be found in the United States as an invasive aquatic weed. The non-native species N. cristata and N. indica also reportedly occur in Florida (Jacono 2000).
Nymphoides hydrophylla's slim stems (spears) are eaten as a vegetable in Taiwan.
Numerous species of Nymphoides grow in Australia, and others exist in Africa, America, and Asia.

Species

There are approximately 50 species of Nymphoides, including:
Pantropical:

Nymphoides indica (L.) Kuntze
Africa:

Nymphoides bosseri A.Raynal
Nymphoides brevipedicellata (Vatke) A.Raynal
Nymphoides elegans A.Raynal
Nymphoides ezannoi Berhaut
Nymphoides forbesiana (Griseb.) Kuntze
Nymphoides guineensis A.Raynal
Nymphoides humilis A.Raynal
Nymphoides milnei A.Raynal
Nymphoides moratiana A.Raynal
Nymphoides rautaneni (N.E.Br.) A.Raynal
Nymphoides tenuissima A.Raynal
Nymphoides thunbergiana (Griseb.) Kuntze
North America:

Nymphoides aquatica (J.F.Gmel.) Kuntze
Nymphoides cordata (Elliott) Fernald
Central and South America:

Nymphoides fallax Ornduff
Nymphoides flaccida L.Sm.
Nymphoides grayana (Griseb.) Kuntze
Nymphoides herzogii A.Galàn-Mera & G.Navarro
Nymphoides humboldtiana (Kunth) Kuntze
Nymphoides microphylla (A.St.-Hil.) Kuntze
Nymphoides verrucosa (R.E.Fries)A.Galàn-Mera & G.Navarro
Eurasia:

Nymphoides peltata (S.G.Gmel.) Kuntze
Asia:

Nymphoides balakrishnanii P.Biju, Josekutty, Haneef & Augustine
Nymphoides coreana (Léveille) Hara
Nymphoides hastata (Dop) Kerr
Nymphoides hydrophylla (Lour.) Kuntze
Nymphoides krishnakesara K.T.Joseph & Sivar.
Nymphoides lungtanensis S.P.Li, T.H.Hsieh & C.C.Lin
Nymphoides macrospermum Vasudevan
Nymphoides siamensis (Ostenf.) Kerr
Nymphoides sivarajanii K.T.Joseph
Nymphoides tonkinensis (Dop) P.H.Ho
Asia and Australia:

Nymphoides aurantiaca (Dalzell) Kuntze
Nymphoides parvifolia (Wall.) Kuntze
Australia:

Nymphoides beaglensis Aston
Nymphoides crenata (F.Muell.) Kuntze
Nymphoides disperma Aston
Nymphoides elliptica Aston
Nymphoides exigua (F.Muell.) Kuntze
Nymphoides exiliflora (F.Muell.) Kuntze
Nymphoides furculifolia Specht
Nymphoides geminata (R.Br.) Kuntze
Nymphoides hydrocharioides (F.Muell.) Kuntze
Nymphoides montana Aston
Nymphoides planosperma Aston
Nymphoides quadriloba Aston
Nymphoides simulans Aston
Nymphoides spinulosperma Aston
Nymphoides spongiosa Aston
Nymphoides stygia (J.M.Black) H.Eichler
Nymphoides subacuta Aston
Nymphoides triangularis Aston

Title: List of plant genus names with etymologies (L–P)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_plant_genus_names_with_etymologies_(L%E2%80%93P)
Excerpt: Since the first printing of Carl Linnaeus's Species Plantarum in 1753, plants have been assigned one epithet or name for their species and one name for their genus, a grouping of related species. Many of these plants are listed in Stearn's Dictionary of Plant Names for Gardeners. William Stearn (1911–2001) was one of the pre-eminent British botanists of the 20th century: a Librarian of the Royal Horticultural Society, a president of the Linnean Society and the original drafter of the International Code of Nomenclature for Cultivated Plants.
The first column below contains seed-bearing genera from Stearn and other sources as listed, excluding those names that no longer appear in more modern works, such as Plants of the World by Maarten J. M. Christenhusz (lead author), Michael F. Fay and Mark W. Chase. Plants of the World is also used for the family and order classification for each genus. The second column gives a meaning or derivation of the word, such as a language of origin. The last two columns indicate additional citations.