Title: Nymphoides
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphoides
Excerpt: Nymphoides, or floatingheart, is a genus of aquatic flowering plants in the family Menyanthaceae. The genus name refers to their resemblance to the water lily Nymphaea. Nymphoides are aquatic plants with submerged roots and floating leaves that hold the small flowers above the water surface. Flowers are sympetalous, most often divided into five lobes (petals). The petals are either yellow or white and may be adorned with lateral wings or covered in small hairs. The inflorescence consists of either an umbellate cluster of flowers or a lax raceme, with internodes occurring between generally paired flowers.

 
Species of Nymphoides are sold as aquarium plants, including the "banana plant", N. aquatica and the "water snowflake", N. indica. Species native to the United States are N. cordata in the northeast and N. aquatica in the southeast. Nymphoides peltata is native to Europe and Asia but can be found in the United States as an invasive aquatic weed. The non-native species N. cristata and N. indica also reportedly occur in Florida (Jacono 2000).
Nymphoides hydrophylla's slim stems (spears) are eaten as a vegetable in Taiwan.
Numerous species of Nymphoides grow in Australia, and others exist in Africa, America, and Asia.

Species

There are approximately 50 species of Nymphoides, including:
Pantropical:

Nymphoides indica (L.) Kuntze
Africa:

Nymphoides bosseri A.Raynal
Nymphoides brevipedicellata (Vatke) A.Raynal
Nymphoides elegans A.Raynal
Nymphoides ezannoi Berhaut
Nymphoides forbesiana (Griseb.) Kuntze
Nymphoides guineensis A.Raynal
Nymphoides humilis A.Raynal
Nymphoides milnei A.Raynal
Nymphoides moratiana A.Raynal
Nymphoides rautaneni (N.E.Br.) A.Raynal
Nymphoides tenuissima A.Raynal
Nymphoides thunbergiana (Griseb.) Kuntze
North America:

Nymphoides aquatica (J.F.Gmel.) Kuntze
Nymphoides cordata (Elliott) Fernald
Central and South America:

Nymphoides fallax Ornduff
Nymphoides flaccida L.Sm.
Nymphoides grayana (Griseb.) Kuntze
Nymphoides herzogii A.Galàn-Mera & G.Navarro
Nymphoides humboldtiana (Kunth) Kuntze
Nymphoides microphylla (A.St.-Hil.) Kuntze
Nymphoides verrucosa (R.E.Fries)A.Galàn-Mera & G.Navarro
Eurasia:

Nymphoides peltata (S.G.Gmel.) Kuntze
Asia:

Nymphoides balakrishnanii P.Biju, Josekutty, Haneef & Augustine
Nymphoides coreana (Léveille) Hara
Nymphoides hastata (Dop) Kerr
Nymphoides hydrophylla (Lour.) Kuntze
Nymphoides krishnakesara K.T.Joseph & Sivar.
Nymphoides lungtanensis S.P.Li, T.H.Hsieh & C.C.Lin
Nymphoides macrospermum Vasudevan
Nymphoides siamensis (Ostenf.) Kerr
Nymphoides sivarajanii K.T.Joseph
Nymphoides tonkinensis (Dop) P.H.Ho
Asia and Australia:

Nymphoides aurantiaca (Dalzell) Kuntze
Nymphoides parvifolia (Wall.) Kuntze
Australia:

Nymphoides beaglensis Aston
Nymphoides crenata (F.Muell.) Kuntze
Nymphoides disperma Aston
Nymphoides elliptica Aston
Nymphoides exigua (F.Muell.) Kuntze
Nymphoides exiliflora (F.Muell.) Kuntze
Nymphoides furculifolia Specht
Nymphoides geminata (R.Br.) Kuntze
Nymphoides hydrocharioides (F.Muell.) Kuntze
Nymphoides montana Aston
Nymphoides planosperma Aston
Nymphoides quadriloba Aston
Nymphoides simulans Aston
Nymphoides spinulosperma Aston
Nymphoides spongiosa Aston
Nymphoides stygia (J.M.Black) H.Eichler
Nymphoides subacuta Aston
Nymphoides triangularis Aston

Title: Nymphaea nouchali var. caerulea
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphaea_nouchali_var._caerulea
Excerpt: Nymphaea nouchali var. caerulea, or simply Nymphaea caerulea, also known as blue lotus or blue water lily among many other names, is a water lily in the genus Nymphaea, a botanical variety of Nymphaea nouchali.
It is an aquatic plant of freshwater lakes, pools and rivers, naturally found throughout most of the eastern half of Africa, as well as parts of southern Arabia, but has also been spread to other regions as an ornamental plant. It can tolerate the roots being in anoxic mud in nutritionally poor conditions, and can become a dominant plant in deeper water in such habitats. The underwater rhizomes are edible.
It features prominently in Egyptian mythology and art, symbolizing the sun and rebirth and has been found in pharaohs' tombs. It may have been used for aphrodisiac and religious purposes, including in rituals like Hathor's Festival of Drunkenness. The plant contains the psychoactive alkaloids nuciferine and apomorphine, which interact with the serotonin, dopamine, and adrenergic systems. Modern recreational use, primarily through drinking infusions or vaping, has been associated with toxicity, causing symptoms like sedation and perceptual disturbances. Recent research by UC Berkeley confirmed that the authentic Nymphaea caerulea is chemically distinct from many products sold online, which contain significantly less of the alkaloid nuciferine and are misidentified water lilies.
Nymphaea caerulea, first described by Marie Jules César Savigny in 1798, was later classified as a variety of Nymphaea nouchali by Bernard Verdcourt in 1989. Though it is still most commonly referred to as a variety of Nymphaea nouchali, recent phylogenetic studies have problematized the taxonomy. When defined taxonomically as   Nymphaea nouchali var. caerulea, it is considered synonymous with Nymphaea capensis. When considered taxonomically as Nymphaea caerulea, it is now rare due to habitat loss from the Aswan Dam.

Title: Nymphoides peltata
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphoides_peltata
Excerpt: Nymphoides peltata, the fringed water-lily is perennial, rooted aquatic plant with floating leaves of the family Menyanthaceae. Synonyms include Menyanthes nymphoides L., Villarsia nymphoides, Limnanthemum peltatum S.G.Gmel., Nymphoides nymphoides (L.) Britton, and other vernacular names include yellow floating heart, floating heart, water fringe, and entire marshwort.
It is native throughout most of Europe (excluding Ireland and Scandinavia) and temperate Asia, and locally in Algeria in northwest Africa.
It has been spread by human cultivation outside its native range and is now naturalised in Ireland, Denmark and Sweden, much of North America, and New Zealand. In many of its introduced regions, N. peltata is considered a noxious weed because it can form dense mats that shade out locally native aquatic plant species, thereby reducing biodiversity.

Title: Nymphoides aquatica
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nymphoides_aquatica
Excerpt: Nymphoides aquatica is an aquatic plant in the  Menyanthaceae, native to the southeastern United States from Texas to Maryland. It is known variously as the banana plant, banana lily, banana floatingheart, and the big floatingheart. It is most commonly called the banana plant because of its banana-shaped roots. These unusual roots store nutrients.

Title: List of wetland plants
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_wetland_plants
Excerpt: This is a list of plants that grow in wetland environments, including aquatic plants and plants that live in the ecotones between terrestrial and aquatic environments.