Title: Cortina d'Ampezzo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cortina_d%27Ampezzo
Excerpt: Cortina d'Ampezzo (Italian: [korˈtiːna damˈpɛttso]; local Ladin: Anpezo, elsewhere Ampëz; historical Austrian German: Hayden), often abbreviated to Cortina, is a town and comune (municipality) in the province of Belluno, in the Veneto region of Northern Italy. Situated on the Boite river, in an alpine valley in the heart of the southern Dolomitic Alps, it is an upscale summer and winter sport resort known for its skiing trails, scenery, accommodation, shops and its jet-set-dominated après-ski scene. It is part of the linguistic and cultural region of Ladinia. The town's Latin motto, granted in 1928 on its flag and coat of arms, reads: MODO VIVO AC TUTA QUIESCO (roughly, "I live frugally and rest quietly".)
During the Middle Ages, Cortina d'Ampezzo fell under the jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Aquileia and the Holy Roman Empire. In 1420 it was conquered by the Republic of Venice. From 1508, it then spent much of its history under Habsburg rule, briefly undergoing some territorial changes under Napoleon, before being returned to the Austrian Empire (later Austria-Hungary), which held it until 1918. From the 19th century, Cortina d'Ampezzo became a regional centre for crafts. The local handmade products were appreciated by early British and German holidaymakers as tourism emerged in the late 19th century. Among the specializations of the town were crafting wood for furniture, the production of tiled stoves, and iron, copper and glass items. 
Today, the local economy thrives on tourism, particularly during the winter season, when the population of the town typically increases from about 7,000 to 40,000. The Basilica Minore dei Santi Filippo e Giacomo was built between 1769 and 1775 on the site of two former 13th- and 16th-century churches; it is home to the parish and the deanery of Cortina d'Ampezzo. The town also contains the Rinaldo Zardini Palaeontology Museum, the Mario Rimoldi Modern Art Museum, and the Regole of Ampezzo Ethnographic Museum. 
Although Cortina d'Ampezzo was unable to go ahead with the scheduled 1944 Winter Olympics because of World War II, it hosted the Winter Olympics in 1956 and subsequently hosted a number of world winter-sports events. In 2026, Cortina d'Ampezzo hosted the  Winter Olympics for a second time, co-hosting with Milan. The town is home to SG Cortina, a top league professional ice hockey team, and is also the start and end point of the annual Dolomites Gold Cup Race. 
Several films have been shot in the town, most notably The Pink Panther (1963), For Your Eyes Only (1981), and Cliffhanger (1993).

Title: Lalla Romano
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lalla_Romano
Excerpt: Graziella "Lalla" Romano (11 November 1906 in Demonte – 26 June 2001 in Milan) was an Italian novelist, poet, artist and journalist.

Title: Il segreto del Bosco Vecchio
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Il_segreto_del_Bosco_Vecchio
Excerpt: Il segreto del Bosco Vecchio ("the secret of the Old Woods") is a 1935 novel by the Italian writer Dino Buzzati. It tells the story of a general who is about to cut down an old forest for the sake of financial gain, but discovers that the forest is inhabited by invisible spirits. Buzzati wrote the novel with inspiration from Arthur Rackham's illustrations for fairy tales and fables. He was also inspired by Gustave Doré and the environments of the Dolomites.
The novel was the basis for the 1993 film The Secret of the Old Woods, directed by Ermanno Olmi.

Title: The Bewitched Bourgeois
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bewitched_Bourgeois
Excerpt: The Bewitched Bourgeois: Fifty Stories is a 2025 short story collection by Italian writer Dino Buzzati, translated by Lawrence Venuti. An original selection of Buzzati's works, it runs through 50 works of short fiction written by Buzzati for a variety of publications in chronological order of publishing, although the vast majority were first in the Corriere della Sera, the newspaper where Buzzati spent most of his career. Buzzati won the Strega Prize for an Italian collection of his short stories, and The Bewitched Bourgeois received generally positive reviews from English-language critics as well. The stories range in length, with the longest almost being classified as a novella, while the shortest are only one page.

Title: Seven Floors
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Seven_Floors
Excerpt: "Seven Floors" (Italian: Sette piani) is a short story by Italian author Dino Buzzati, first published in La Lettura in 1937. It was later part of multiple short story collections, including Sessanta racconti, which won the Strega Prize in 1958. It was first translated into English in 1965 in a collection named Catastrophe. In the years since its first publication it has been adapted into multiple different mediums, including film, theater, and radio plays.